
Big Data Graduate Program 2022Founded in 2016 with only a handful of individuals, Quantexa was built with a purpose that through a greater understanding of context, better decisions can be made. 7 years, 12 locations and 600+ employees later we still believe that today. We connect the dots within our Customers data using dynamic entity resolution and advanced network analytics to create context, empowering businesses to see the bigger picture and drive real value from their data.Due to the continuous success and high demand from our Customers, we are looking for Graduates to kick start their career by joining our Quantexa family. 🚀What does the Graduate Program at Quantexa look like?Our Big Data Graduate Program is designed for you to develop your technical skill set, think creatively and be a real problem solver of major issues our clients are facing today. If you are someone who likes to think outside the box, holds a real passion for data and is open to new ideas, you’ll find a Qmmunity that recognizes your needs to be a creative innovator and embrace it. You will work on big data projects where you will have exposure to data science, data engineering and DevOps methods, whilst learning to engage with both internal and external stakeholders. In a typical Quantexa project, you’ll work with high volume data, helping our top clients solve business problems in financial crime, fraud and money laundering along with playing a huge part in helping our others solve complex terrorism cases, human trafficking, and even modern-day slavery. You’ll be working closely with Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Business Analysts, Technical Leads, Project Managers and Solutions Architects, using entity resolution to generate networks and apply a scoring framework to identify risks. At Quantexa everyone is following the same goal of meeting our client’s expectations and delivering a first-class service. What training is provided, and technology will you use?We want our graduates to learn the latest Big Data technologies and being the huge fans of functional programming that we are, your first 3 months will consist of going through our dedicated training academy. You’ll have exposure to learning Scala, which is our primary language here at Quantexa, so you are confident and comfortable using our platform. Part of this exciting journey will also have you exposed to other tools such as Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Kubernetes, with our platform being hosted on Google cloud (GCP). You will learn how to create entities and networks and loading data using Elasticsearch in the Quantexa interface. You’ll be required to generate a solution using our explorer in a world leading big data tool set. This training is heavily self-paced learning giving you the flexibility to add to the task and complete with set timings.Following completion of the academy you will be working on multiple projects. You can expect to work with different lead experts who share their love of big data to deliver the best for our clients.Check out our graduate brochure here to find out more and here from current graduates 🙌RequirementsWhat do I need to have?We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who share a love of ‘big data’ and have a numerate degree ie. Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, IT/Technology. 👩‍💻 Must be a graduate already or expecting to graduate in a STEM subject. A passion and the desire to learn and code in Scala using multiple big data tool sets. Hold problem solving skills and enthusiasm to pick up a broad set of tasks. Client facing and Consulting skills such as communication, adaptability, critical thinking etc. Experience in Python, Java, Scala, R or similar technologies is desirable. Passion and drive to grow within one of the UK’s fastest scale ups. BenefitsWhy join Quantexa?We know that just having an excellent glass door rating isn’t enough, so we’ve put together a competitive package as a way of saying thank you for all your hard work and dedication.We offer:Competitive salary Company bonus Competitive holiday allowance + public holidays + birthday off! Access to our unlimited technical library  Private Healthcare RRSP Plan with Q match up to 5% Short term & long-term disability Life Insurance & Accidental health  Ongoing personal development Great WeWork Office Space & Company wide socials 
