
Would you like to be part of a fast-growing technology and engineering organisation that nurtures an open, collaborative learning environment? Are you passionate about technology, people and developing your coding skills? Whatever your aspirations, we’re trying to create the best engineering consultancy in the UK and looking for brilliant engineers to be part of the journey.   Credera helps organisations solve their biggest, most exciting engineering problems. We’ve created banks from scratch on Kubernetes and AWS, built streaming analytics solutions that protect the country and built platforms to enable whole organisations to move to AWS and Azure, and everything in between. We do all this in a work environment where regular social events, inclusivity and an ego-free culture mean we’ve been officially voted a “Great Place to Work” for five years in a row.Here’s what you will doYou will solve the problems that others cannot. You will also spend a day a week working on a combination of internal products and your own development. You will help lead and mentor junior engineers You'll create data platforms based around modern, cloud-native technologies: Python  Cloud Platforms: AWS, Azure or GCP Streaming Data: Kafka or Kinesis Data Processing:  Spark or Pandas SQL Databases: SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL or similar Data Warehouses: Synapse, Redshift or BigQuery Pipeline Orchestration: Airflow, Azure Data Factory or similar Dataiku or Databricks And more… LocationThis is a permanent role within our Technology function. We consider flexible ways of working, that allow the best outcomes for our people and clients. Working closely with our clients is key to successful outcomes, and so flexibility around travel within the UK is a requirement.RequirementsAs a Credera Engineer, you will spend roughly 80% of your time on client work, often at the client's site, as part of a diverse team, solving interesting problems. The remainder of your time spent working on internal projects and I.P. as well as training and development.Have a look at some of the work we've completed on our website or reach out to us for more information: Case Studies (credera.co.uk). Who you are? You are perceptive, personable, culturally sensitive and demonstrate a high degree of emotional intelligence. Being able to work collaboratively in a matrix organisation is essential, as is the ability to build data platforms using either cloud native products or commercial data analytics / data warehouse software.You will also display: Demonstrable experience of building data pipelines using Spark or Pandas  Experience working with one or more of the main cloud providers (AWS, Azure or Google)  Experience of big data platforms (EMR, Databricks or DataProc)  Experience building data platforms such as Data Lakes, Data Warehouses or Data Meshes  Understanding of Data Security and Data Governance principles  Have a drive for self-improvement and learning, including learning new programming languages  Approach solving problems pragmatically  Experience supporting and operating production systems  Experience leading/mentoring engineering teams It would be great if you had any of the following desirable skills: Experience of building automated data quality checks and metrics  Experience creating and/or maintaining production software delivery pipelines using common CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, Jenkins, CircleCI etc.)  Experience productionising machine learning algorithms  Experience with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform, CloudFormation, ARM templates etc.)  Experience with data reporting and visualisation tools (Power BI, Tableau, Qlik etc.)  BenefitsWho we are?Credera is a consulting firm focused on strategy, transformation, cloud, data and engineering, with over 600 consultants around the globe.  Our purpose is to make an extraordinary impact on our clients and our people.  We adhere to Credera core values of Integrity, Tenacity, People First, Excellence, and Humility at all times.  Our inclusive culture has resulted in us receiving a number of Great Place to Work accolades, including the Excellence in Well Being Award 2020.  This is what you get in return Along with a great company culture, Credera provides an exceptional compensation package including a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit plan.  Our consistent growth over the years and entrepreneurial environment, provides an excellent platform to embark upon an exciting career path, where your contribution really counts, and we will recognise it.  With personalised development opportunities, experienced colleagues around the globe and exciting client assignments, progression can be extremely rapid for high performers.  We are a social bunch of people and connect as a team on a regular basis. You can also expect: A highly collaborative working environment and great rates of pay (including base salary and bonus potential). A range of flexible benefits consisting of well-being and lifestyle benefits. A commitment to your development & continuous growth of skills through one-to-one mentoring and wide-ranging hands-on experience. 25 days’ holiday and the ability to flex this to 30 days if you chose to do so. 2 day’s CSR volunteering days. Award-winning learning and development opportunities, including dedicated time and a wide range of choice in training courses. Choice of brand new tech with personal budget to choose IT accessories & handset of your choice. Learn more As a part of Omnicom Precision Marketing Group, our more than 600 consultants across the globe partner with some of the world’s best-known brands in a variety of industries, including clients ranging from FTSE 100 companies to large government departments, delivering strategy and execution leadership to create tangible business results.  Credera’s deep business acumen and technical expertise, combined with a deep dedication to build trusted relationships, unlocks extraordinary business performance to our clients.  Our mission is to make an extraordinary impact on our clients and our people.  More information is available at www.credera.co.uk.   

