
ABOUT ODAIAODAIA nouno·da·ia | \ 'oh-day-yeah \ An Ancient Greek word referring to a salesperson’s “tools of the trade.”Learn more about our company here. You can also find more information about the company and our products at odaia.ai.ODAIA is a remote first organization, all our positions are WFH. ODAIA helps pharma sales and marketing teams by using AI to understand and predict customer behaviour. Our enterprise SaaS product MAPTUAL serves some of the most recognized Fortune 500 life sciences companies. By incorporating data and AI predictions in powerful ways, MAPTUAL’s users understand their customers (healthcare professionals, patients) on a deeper level and cater to their health needs more effectively. ODAIAns (what we call ourselves) are inspired to reinvent the future of how non-technical people leverage data in their day-to-day lives. We are passionate about solving complex problems in data, AI, engineering, design, and product, so our customers don’t have to. We live by the notion that “simplicity is the ultimate sophistication;” and making simplicity scalable is an even bigger challenge. That’s why we have a crazy talented team led by serial entrepreneurs, tech veterans, and life sciences experts.OUR MISSIONReducing patients’ time to therapy by facilitating meaningful interactions with healthcare providers, through human-centric software powered by AI. We’re also on a mission to build an innovative, diverse, and ego-free business, where trust, innovation and ownership are valued. You’re on a mission too? We’re here for it. We put an emphasis on career development for our employees, and the opportunities to grow are extensive.WHAT’S ON OFFERThis is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing innovator in a technically challenging and rewarding role.  Reporting to the Machine Learning Data Scientist Development Manager, the Machine Learning Engineer will lead the development of the natural language capabilities and machine learning as it relates to providing customer value. You will also connect with other feature teams working in these areas and collaborate cross-functionally throughout the development process to ensure the product is functionally complete and technically solid. 
WHATS YOU WILL DO 
Be part of a small team, with a large amount of ownership and autonomy for managing things directlyOwn a large part of the process from problem understanding to shipping the solutionCreate high-quality, scalable, and robust solutions with a sense of urgencySolid understanding of Machine Learning life cycle from data preparation to model deployment and monitoring. Implementing ML algorithms and pipelines to operationalize the modelsEvaluating the quality of the Machine Learning models through multiple validations and test processes and explaining the results of the Machine Learning modelsCommunicating effectively with other members of the team and creating good work relationshipsWHAT YOU BRING 
Solid understanding of Machine Learning fundamentalsKnowledge/experience with statistical analysis, predictive modeling, analysis of transactional/sequential dataUnderstanding various Machine Learning algorithm use cases and their strengths / weaknesses in different scenariosExperience with implementing Machine Learning solutions to productionsIndustry-level experience with implementing and operationalizing statistical and ML based time series models Understanding AWS cloud and the cloud-based ML platform / solutions is an assetWorking knowledge of software development practices: unit testing, version control, CI/CD, etc. Able to write clear, well-structured and efficient codeExperience with SQL, Python programming and the relevant ML packages such as Scikit Learn, XGBoost, Tensorflow, etc.Understanding Advanced programming topics, object oriented design/programming is an assetWHAT WE OFFER
A highly productive driven startup culture that values agility, passion, ownership, trust, respect, diversity and inclusionTremendous growth and unique learning opportunitiesA large amount of ownership and autonomy for managing things directlyAn inclusive environment, we are an equal opportunities employer and we operate with an anti-oppression mindsetTop-notch health benefits for medical, dental, vision care, mental health, prescription drug coverage, travel insurance and alternative treatments such as acupuncture and chiropractic servicesFlexible working hours, providing great balance for personal and family lifeWe focus on what we achieve and not the number of hours we clockWe trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that they can achieve the best possible resultsAn open and flexible vacation policyOur employees can take what they want, when they want it - as long as they get their work done, get the time approved and get things covered while they're awayStock option grantsA generous home office allowanceCareer development opportunities, and a solid business model - we’re in it for the long haul!If you think you may not check every box, don’t worry, we would love to see your resume anyway! Odaians are at core a group of great and talented people, eager to learn, take ownership, and turn ambitious ideas into reality. LOCATIONWe are a remote-first company based in Toronto with frequent in-person collaborative work sessions and social gatherings at a work-share office in downtown Toronto. We leverage many synchronous and asynchronous communication tools as well as virtual social events, and provide an allowance for your ideal WFH setup. EMPLOYMENT VERIFICATIONAny conditional offer of employment made to a successful candidate will be subject to the full satisfaction with the results of any background and reference checks.ACCOMMODATIONS AND ACCESSIBILITYAccommodations are available on request for candidates with disabilities taking part in all aspects of our hiring process. For more on this, you can inquire about accommodations if you're invited to an interview.DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSIONAs an equal opportunity employer, ODAIA is committed to creating an environment that respects diversity and inclusion. ODAIA does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, parental status, veteran status, or disability status.At ODAIA, we are committed to building an environment where everyone feels included, valued, and heard. We are committed to creating a diverse workplace, and are an equal opportunity employer who does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, parental status, veteran status, or disability status.We strongly encourage applications from Indigenous Peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities and/or people with intersectional identities.

