
InfoSum is the world’s leading data collaboration platform, providing solutions to the world’s largest enterprises to allow collaboration across data sources and to deliver richer customer experiences that prioritise consumer privacy. Our vision is to unlock data’s limitless potential, by enabling the world’s data to be connected but never shared. As a people-first organisation, we can offer you the personal and professional flexibility needed to get the job done, to grow with us, and help challenge the status quo. If you want to work with a business that encourages collaboration, champions the idea that the sum is greater than its parts, then we want to hear from you. We are looking for someone who enjoys a hands-on role and relishes new challenges. If you thrive in an environment that lets you solve unique problems without a defined process to guide you, then we would love to hear from you. Knowledge of how to transform data using a scripting language (e.g. Python, bash) is essential. Experience using SQL to query and transform large datasets Highly proficient in ETL process development. Experience with ETL tools such as Spark, AirFlow, Flink, AWS Glue. Familiarity with cloud-based resources, particularly AWS. Strong communication, presentation and stakeholder management skills. Highly proficient in Data Modelling. Performance tuning experience is desirable. Experience working with truely big data (Terabyte to Petabyte scale) would be great. Good understanding of data governance concepts such as data ownership, data stewardship etc. Managing the transformation of customer data. Understanding the requirements of a customer, then writing a transformation script using the best technology for the job.  Design, implementation, optimisation and maintenance of database extract and load processes (ETL) using InfoSum’s ETL language and tools - Develop functions / procedures used by said ETL processes Carry out detailed evaluation of new technologies and tools which may be used to improve our product offering, providing recommendations on best practises to internal stakeholders. Perform dimensional modelling - building fact, dimension and aggregate tables for common operations Develop and manage data delivery services Developing reports and data extracts as the business requires Communicating with external and internal stakeholders Cross-functional collaboration to fulfil joint change request assignments Getting up to speed with new ETL and stream processing tools and languages. RequirementsKnowledge of how to transform data using a scripting language (e.g. Python, bash) is essential. Experience using SQL to query and transform large datasets Highly proficient in ETL process development. Experience with ETL tools such as Spark, AirFlow, Flink, AWS Glue. Familiarity with cloud-based resources, particularly AWS. Strong communication, presentation and stakeholder management skills. Highly proficient in Data Modelling. Performance tuning experience is desirable. Experience working with truely big data (Terabyte to Petabyte scale) would be great. Good understanding of data governance concepts such as data ownership, data stewardship etc. BenefitsWhat we can offer you:As well as working as part of an amazing, engaging and collaborative team, we offer our staff a wide range of benefits to motivate them to be the best they can be! Here's an overview of everything we offer right now! A competitive salary 8% pension contribution Annual discretionary bonus 25 days annual holiday (not inclusive of bank holidays) Private health care via AXA Mental health and wellbeing support via our amazing EAP and free subscription to HeadSpace A hybrid and flexible working culture The opportunity to receive stock options We have a fantastic brand new office in Basingstoke complete with a fully stocked fridge, catered lunches twice a week and unlimited snacks.For this role, we would ideally like for someone to be based locally and come into the office 2-3 times a week for team syncs, however, if you require more flexibility, we can discuss a solution that works for everyone.

