
Ripjar specialises in the development of software and data products that help governments and organisations combat serious financial crime. Our technology is used to identify criminal activity such as money laundering and terrorist financing, and enables organisations to enforce sanctions at scale to help combat rogue entities and state actors.Team mission:Our engineering team builds software that makes the world a safer place. We work collectively to use technology, creativity and engineering best practice to solve problems that nobody else can.What you'll be doing:We are looking for an individual with industrial or commercial experience in data processing systems to come in and add value to this team. Ripjar values Engineers who are thoughtful and thorough problem solvers who are able to learn new technologies, ideas and paradigms quickly. You will be contributing production quality code and unit-tests to our Data Collection Hub and contributing improvements to the test and build pipelinesKey Tasks:Considering the impact and implications of changes and communicating these clearly Helping to support the data processing pipelines as needed Modelling data in the best way for specific business needs Staying abreast of the latest developments in Data Engineering to contribute to Ripjar’s best practices  Adding to Ripjar’s culture and make it a fun and rewarding place to work! RequirementsTechnology StackThe specific technical skills you possess aren’t as important to us as the ability to understand complex systems and get to the heart of problems. We do, however, expect you to be fluent in at least one programming language, have at least two years experience working with moderately complex software systems in production and have a curiosity and interest in learning more.You will be using python (specifically pyspark) and node.js for processing data You will be using Hadoop stack technologies such as HDFS and HBase.  Experience using MongoDB and Elasticsearch for indexing smaller datasets would be beneficial.  Experience using Airflow & Nifi to co-ordinate the processing of data would be beneficial You will be using Ansible to manage configuration and deployments. BenefitsWhy we think you’ll love it hereCompetitive base salary of up to £75,000 DOE. 25 days annual leave, rising to 30 days after 5 years of service. Hybrid working - 2 days in the office and 3 days at home Company Share Scheme. Private Family Healthcare. Employee Assistance Programme. Company contributions to your pension. Enhanced maternity/paternity pay. The latest tech including a top of the range MacBook Pro. Hybrid working from our Cheltenham, Bristol or London offices Ripjar’s Commitment to Diversity“Diversity is essential in the way we operate. Having people from different backgrounds, genders and experiences ensures that we make decisions with a truly global perspective. Diversity gives us strength in our technology, analysis and relationships.” - Maria Cox, Head of People Operations

