
Data Modeller
 Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where you’re encouraged to #BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. It’s important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table – so we’d love to know what makes you different.
We are/have:
Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
Job Description:
Must Have
A strong understanding and experience in key data modelling methodologies, techniques and concepts (e.g. dimensional modelling, entity relationship modelling, logical & physical models)
Review business processes and conceptualise the entities that interoperate within the business process, developing entity relationship diagrams to represent these connections.
Experience working with development teams to document existing data models and data flows.
Experience of recommending and establishing standards, guidelines, and procedures for design and maintenance.
Analysing and translating business needs into long-term data solutions.
A credible individual who can communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Effective teamworking with very good analytical and conceptual skills.
 
Nice to Have
Experience of troubleshooting, optimizing and evaluating implemented data systems for variances, discrepancies and inefficiencies.
Experience architecting & implementing data strategy, solutions & governance models.
Experience of aligning data architecture & strategy across multiple programmes, work streams and business units.
Ideally, relevant practical project experience in Financial Services and ability to operate in complex environments/projects, managing multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation.
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:
A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
 
 

