
Company DescriptionZscaler is one of the most exciting technology companies around. Our mission is simple - it is to revolutionize Internet security through the magic of cloud computing. We are the leading, most innovative firm in a $35 billion market - security – and our passion is to bring cloud computing to Internet security just like Salesforce.com did to CRM. More than 5,000 organizations around the world are already using Zscaler - including amazing brands like General Electric, Nestle, NBC, and NATO - and more than 13 million people across more than 200 countries are protected by our systems every single day.We are a well-funded Software as a Service company and are growing extremely fast, which means incredible career and growth opportunities for passionate and talented people that are ambitious and driven to be the best. We’ll offer you an opportunity to make a difference, and you will get to work in a fun, fast paced environment where you can excel at what you do and create.Job DescriptionSupport and Improve the Kubernetes platform and application deployments in Cloud and OnPremAutomate, deploy and operate data pipelinesImplement facilities to monitor all aspects of data pipelineAdminister and manage data in Spark and Hadoop environments with an emphasis on automationTroubleshoot and address operational issues as they come upDevelop tools to monitor workload on Hadoop cluster and tune the cluster for improving data processing throughputSupport and improve the build, delivery, and deployment pipeline of software developed in Java, Scala and PythonManage and deploy applications in Azure/AWS/GCP cloudsMaintain Packer and terraform infrastructure provisioning toolsSupport and Maintain Kafka clusters in Cloud and OnPremQualifications    BS in Computer Science or related field and 5+ years of relevant work experience    Proficiency in data management and automation on Spark, Hadoop, and HDFS environments    Proficiency in understanding various log files emitted by Hadoop and troubleshooting performance bottlenecks in the cluster    Experience using Spark SQL    Experience developing build and deployment automation    Experience with any telemetry system, monitoring and alert handling    Experience working with Kubernetes and have solid understanding of Kubernetes    Experience in atleast one cloud provider AWS/Azure/GCP    Experience and understanding of Infrastructure Provisioning tools like terraform and packerDesirable:Experience managing distributed systems like Hadoop, Kubernetes and Kafka a big plusExperience with infrastructure provisioning tools like Terraform, PackerExperience and understanding of orchestration/configuration management tools like Chef/AnsibleExperience in managing production systems and applications, Incident response and handling alertsExperience with any telemetry systems and metrics collection. E.g: PrometheusPrevious success with technical engineeringCoding experience beyond simple scripts. Ability to program with one or more high level language (Python/Java/Ruby/Go)Experience with git and CI build tools such as Gradle and JenkinsExperience with at least one cloud provider AWS/Azure/GCPAdditional InformationWhy Zscaler?
People who excel at Zscaler are smart, motivated and share our values. Ask yourself: Do you want to team with the best talent in the industry? Do you want to work on disruptive technology? Do you thrive in a fluid work environment? Do you appreciate a company culture that enables individual and group success and celebrates achievement? If you said yes, we’d love to talk to you about joining our award-winning team. 
Additional information about Zscaler (NASDAQ: ZS ) is available at https://www.zscaler.com. Zscaler is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Why Zscaler?People who excel at Zscaler are smart, motivated and share our values. Ask yourself: Do you want to team with the best talent in the industry? Do you want to work on disruptive technology? Do you thrive in a fluid work environment? Do you appreciate a company culture that enables individual and group success and celebrates achievement? If you said yes, we’d love to talk to you about joining our award-winning team. Additional information about Zscaler (NASDAQ: ZS ) is available at https://www.zscaler.com. 
Zscaler is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.Zscaler is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations or adjustments) in our recruiting processes for candidates who are differently abled, have long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. If you need support, please contact us by sending an email to accommodations@zscaler.com.   This email address is used specifically for accommodation requests only, and resumes, CV's, or questions other than accommodations will not be replied to or accepted.

