
Honor exists to expand the world’s capacity to care.
We’re combining high tech with high-touch to deliver better home care for aging adults, better jobs for Care Professionals, and entirely new offerings to support the aging journey, at scale. 
Founded in 2014, and now a Series E funded “Unicorn” valued at over $1B, Honor leads the world’s largest home care network with the most advanced care platform. Our August 2021 acquisition of Home Instead has created a global company that’s revolutionizing how society cares for older adults, their families, and Care Professionals.
The Honor Care Platform combines local care and the most advanced technology to bring the highest quality care to more aging adults. 
Grow at Honor as part of a united team where everyone shows up authentically, shares ideas bravely, and solves complex problems! 
 We’re looking for Data Analyst to join our team.  You'll partner with business stakeholders across all departments at Home Instead to help develop and interpret key metrics, democratizing access to data-driven decision making.  We're looking for analysts who are excited to jump into new problems and make an impact.
In this role, you will:
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and establish temporary data collection processes.
Develop and implement tactical data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies to achieve reporting objectives.
Interpret data, analyze results, and provide ongoing reports.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Filter and "clean" data by reviewing heuristics to locate and correct code problems.
Automate processes to support ongoing data analysis activities.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
About you: 
BA/BS degree in mathematics and/or computer science or related technical field required.
Strong knowledge of any of the following languages: SQL, R, Python.
Advanced knowledge of data models and database design.
Ability to write advanced queries, create reports, and present findings.
Advanced experience with spreadsheet software (i.e., MS Excel).
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Engineering Practices (Test Driven Development, Continuous Delivery, etc.).
Experience with or knowledge of Scrum or Kanban approaches to work management.
Experience with or knowledge of using Git/GitHub for source code management. 
About the Work:
 
What’s next?
Honor is remote friendly! We're hiring across the U.S., with an entirely virtual interview and onboarding process. Most of our positions are remote/work from home and do not require permanent relocation. As conditions allow, we have office space for in-person collaboration in our San Francisco Bay Area, CA and Austin, TX hubs. If you're looking for a great job that offers you the opportunity to work from home, we'd love to talk to you.
Want to know more about why Honor is a great place to work? Check out our perks!We value people! These four people-centric values guide the ways we work and decisions we make every day. 
This role doesn’t sound quite right? Send this application to a friend who may be a fit and check out our other available roles!
#LI-Remote
Honor is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, political affiliation or belief. 

