
Get to know usDo you want to help us shape what the future of work will look like and how it will best embrace our life's aspirations? If this sounds like a journey you want to embark on, we may have the right role for you!PayFit is an intuitive cloud-based payroll and employee management solution designed specifically for SMBs. Since 2015, we have set ourselves a mission to simplify payroll for SMBs and enable employers and employees to grow together. We are a European company operating from 3 main countries (France, Spain, and the UK) where we are supporting over 9500 clients. Creating a fulfilling work environment and culture is also a core mission at PayFit, and our day-to-day work philosophy is reflected in our four values:Care We genuinely care for others whoever they are, whatever they thinkExcellence We aim to improve and achieve better results every dayHumility Staying humble and exchanging transparent feedback helps us to grow and improvePassion We are the architects of PayFit´s successA key part of our culture, and essential for our success, is also improving the diversity of our teams and building an inclusive culture where you can be yourself at work. This is why our recruitment focuses on the skills you demonstrate, and not only on your academic background or previous professional experiences. At PayFit we understand that you can gain applicable skills through a variety of life experiences and we are interested in knowing them, too.About the role :Reporting directly to Kévin, Lead Data Engineer, you will : - Build and maintain efficient and scalable data pipelines to feed our lakehouse and enable data-driven features and decisions across PayFit- Build and maintain a robust and scalable infrastructure (orchestration, storage, data viz, ...) able to sustain teams needs and growth, and data volume's fast increase- Build and maintain CI/CD workflows to help the team deliver while ensuring data quality, reliability and availability in the production- Work with your peers in the data team to evangelize data best practices, identify needs and contribute to our data strategy and roadmapThis role is for you if :- You have 5+ years of experience as Data Engineer, with a focus on building data pipelines- You have 2+ years of experience in Python development, including testing, deployment and codebase refactoring- You have at least one experience with Airflow, eg. DAGs creation and refactoring- You have at least one experience with AWS, eg. service deployment on AWS ecosystem, usage of console and CLI- You have at least one experience with a lakehouse backend, eg. Redshift, Snowflake, BigQuery, etc- You have at least one "production" experience, ie. you deployed and maintained jobs, dags, apps, etc- You master SQL, git/Github and common delivery processes- You already worked with one of those technologies: Singer, dbt, datadog, terraform, looker, CircleCIIt would be great if you also :- You already worked with one of those technologies: Singer, dbt, datadog, terraform, looker, CircleCI- You are a real team player who want to build a big success story with us- You speak English fluently and you want to work in an international and dynamic environment- You have a strong interpersonal and communication skills- You want to learn, improve and gain responsibility- You have a strong sense of humor :)If you think you would be a good fit even if you don't meet 100% of the requirements, we would love to hear from you! Your future team: At the Data Tribe at PayFit, we are currently rebuilding our cloud-based data platform to unlock the full potential of our data, bringing the platform to the next level to empower self-service analytics at a high pace on a strong foundational base.To support that mission, we are looking for a Senior Data Engineer deeply passionate about digging deep into our current landscape, designing a stable foundation for self-service analytics at scale and turning data into actionable insights.Together with our analytic teams, you will contribute to unlocking the full potential of our data.Hiring process1. First you will meet a Talent Acquisition Specialist for a discovery call (30-45 min)2. Next step will be a meeting with Kévin, Engineering Manager with whom you will touch more technical topics of your experience (60 min)3. You will go through a technical challenge with an 2 Data Engineers (1,5 hr)4. The last step would be having a discussion with Aida, Head of Data (30 min)What we offerFlexibility: We believe that to produce your best work and to be fulfilled, you should be free to choose what working arrangements suit you best. You can work from any place within Spain with the possibility to work abroad for some period of time.Learning & Development: In PayFit we have a great learning platform where you can learn new skills every day with the support of our company. We also have English language courses to improve your business communication vocabulary and get to the next level.Career Development: We want you to progress and be free to choose which direction you want to grow. There are also opportunities for internal moves.Health promotion: Gym subscription (AndJoy) with a preferential rate.Meals: 6 EUR lunch voucher per workday with our partner Edenred.Transportation: 50 % of public transport card covered by PayFit .Health Insurance: Full coverage on private insurance with Sanitas.Parental support program: Support with a nursery for your child.Home office budget to help you get set up in the best conditions. A MacBook as our standard working tool.Time off: 25 days of holidays per year.Disability Inclusion: All of our positions are open to any person living with a disability. To guarantee equal treatment and opportunities, we will take, based on individual needs, appropriate measures to adapt the work conditions of PayFiters with disabilities, and if needed also during the recruitment process.

