
About UsAirtime Rewards are delivering the leading data-led rewards technology globally. We believe every shopper should feel great about their daily spend.  Our app is loved by our members (>2m!) and we're continually building new features that drive towards our vision that sees hundreds of millions of pounds saved on phone bills.  Alongside this, we work with some of the best-known retailers to revolutionise their performance marketing. We're giving them brand new information and insight that transforms their understanding of their customers. We do all this with our cutting-edge proprietary technology, utilising real time purchase data and AI learning to delight our members and maintain relationships with >200 retailers (including Boots, Greggs, and Tesco to name a few!). It's a simple, best-in-class experience. We pride ourselves on culture, are solving new problems and need great people to join us on our international journey as we deliver the leading data-led rewards technology globally.The OpportunityWe are looking for a Data Scientist to join our team. Reporting to our Head of Data & Analytics, you will drive innovation and data-led approaches to solving business problems. Working closely with departments across the business, you will be responsible for: Building a recommendation engine to provide the most personal and relevant retailer offers to our members Creating forecasting models to better predict spending and app  behaviour Collaborating with cross-functional teams to develop solutions to business problems, including our Finance, Marketing, and Product Teams Help us understand how to better serve our members through a data-led analysis of behaviour Using a data led approach to create a segmentation model to build member-personas Contribute to the design of our data architecture and support the integration of new datasets for analysis Will be an advocate for data across the business, and help us to continue to build our internal and external reporting capabilities RequirementsExperience in a  range of machine learning techniques with hands-on experience of applying and implementing them to solve business problems. Ability to take ownership of projects, and to drive meaningful business change Someone used to working with large, transactional datasets, with an analytical mindset Strong knowledge of SQL and Python, including core data science libraries, eg Scikit-Learn, SciPy, TensorFlow, PyTorch Experience cleaning, exploring, and visualising data for stakeholders across the business Excellent communication skills, with the ability to explain complex machine learning algorithms and statistical methods to non-technical stakeholders Fluent in GCP/Azure/AWS. We use GCP, so previous experience would be beneficial BenefitsShare options. 23 days annual leave, plus one for each year served (capped at 26). Birthday leave. Learning & development budget / time allocation Flexible start & finish hours 06:30 - 10:30am Life assurance at 5x salary Health cash plan Virtual GP appointments for you and your family 24/7 helpline for physical and mental health support, counselling, and other wellbeing resources Private Medical Insurance Hybrid working between home and office City centre location with brand new fit out (when in the office) Buy a holiday scheme Charity day  Charity contribution  Professional accreditation funding Enhanced Maternity, Paternity & Adoption leave pay 
