
We are looking for a Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our Supply Management and Pricing team.  Partnering with hundreds of boutiques around the world as well as our very own in-house ones presents Farfetch with unique challenges when adjusting prices.  How well is the item performing?  How do different price points affect our margins?  Which markets will the item be selling to?  Pricing is often the most visible aspect of any e-commerce business and getting it right is crucial to our and our partners’ success.THE ROLEWorking in a cross-functional team of DS and MLE, you will be tasked with taking models from conceptualization into production.  We do not believe in a strict handoff where the work of a DS ends and that of an MLE begins.  ML is an inherently iterative process that benefits from the continuous close collaboration of the various players on a team.  Decisions you make and the components you build will directly impact your team's ability to deliver a quality product on time. Our MLOps cycle is constantly evolving but is predominantly built on Azure with aspects in GCP.  Both Databricks and K8s are most commonly used for our pipelines, but you are expected and in fact encouraged, to push the boundaries of what is possible. While this role is specific to a team, because of the nature of the work and your experience, you will be expected to interact with the greater DS/MLE community at Farfetch to make sure ideas are shared and benefit everyone.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Refactoring code to make it ready for production with an emphasis on -Maintainability, Testability, and Performance.Writing unit, integration, and data quality testsBuilding CI/CD pipelines for both training and inference with an emphasis on -Automation, Visibility, Reproducibility, and Lineage.Monitoring the health of your pipelines- Dashboards, Alerting and CTWHO YOU ARE
As an experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will be an integral member of the team.  You will be expected to deliver and maintain production-grade pipelines, have a deep understanding of the domain itself, and be able to communicate clearly with various stakeholders.The ideal candidate must possess the following qualitiesStrong understanding of PythonExtensive experience writing production-quality code, especially as it pertains to MLPandas, scikit, PyTorch, and various other DS/ML packagesExtensive experience with MLOps and CI/CD toolingExperience with Spark, or better yet, DatabricksExperience with cloud providers such as Azure, GCP, or AWSExperience with IaC toolings such as TerraformExperience with data and experiment tracking such as DVC and MLFlow is beneficialExperience with orchestration/workflow management such as Airflow
