
At Amazon, we strive to be Earth’s most Customer-Centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online. We hire the world’s brightest minds, offering them an environment in which they can relentlessly improve the experience for customers. Innovation and creativity are built into the DNA of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment. Every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We’re making history every day and the good news is its still Day 1 for us. Job Title: Research Analyst ( ICQA) Location: Mumbai Summary: Amazon is a highly data driven company highly obsessive about metrics. The Data analysts play a crucial role in creating unique reports from data available in multiple locations and providing vital insights into the root cause of quality defects and inventory adjustments. Job Deliverables: · Daily/ weekly/ monthly Research activities: Data mining and understand the reasons for Quality Defects · Prepare and publish daily/ weekly/ monthly reports on inventory quality ( IRDR/ Large adjustments/ Unmatched X, Top20 reports/ HRV adjustments etc) · Bin Management and control ( creation/ addition/ deletion/ bin locks) · Conduct daily training and also will be responsible to conduct daily skill huddles · Quality Feedback to associates · Stand-in for Process Associate and the Area Manager. Research Analyst should work mostly in the operational floor. Skills required: · Knowledge of problem solve tools · Good in SQL Queries, math and data analytics · Proficiency in MS Excel ( knowledge of macros is an added advantage) Basic QualificationsB.E ( Mech/ Electronics/ Elec/ IP) or equivalent with min 3-5 yrs experience with good knowledge in Excel. Basic knowledge in SQL. · Experience in an analytical role in the Quality Assurance function preferred. · Business analysts in any of the Amazon teams who have a flair for data crunching and generating innovative reports that drive actions · Prefer candidates with similar experience in Tier1 Auto-component/ Automotive Manufacturing/ Electronics IndustryPreferred QualificationsExperience in troubleshooting/ problem-solving desired · Strong analytical, math, data analysis, listening & communication skills. Capable to handle team. · Experience in analyzing shop-floor processes and trends and recommending improvements · Knowledge of SQL. (Understanding logic of data pull and writing basic queries to pull multiple data for analysis purpose.

