
About Loam: At Loam, we have the earth in our hands. As a team of scientists, farmers and entrepreneurs, we are on a mission to improve the world’s farmland and address climate change. We are developing microbial technology to remove CO2 from the atmosphere and build carbon in agricultural soils. We help farming businesses prosper by boosting yield and soil health and enabling access to carbon markets.As a start-up with ambitious founders and investors, our work is fast-paced and multidimensional. We foster a supportive and diverse workplace, where every team member is encouraged to learn and grow beyond their area of expertise.While everyone at Loam is working in different roles, we all have one job: to remove CO2 from the atmosphere and store it stably in farmer’s soils.About the Role The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Global Data Management team and be responsible for managing and operationalising the data stack and pipeline. With a keen interest in a seamless data flow, you will be leading the systems architecture with recommendations in improving the design, for building and deploying new cloud products. In addition to securing and monitoring data processing between applications and our cloud data warehouse. Your goal is to manage the pipeline with a particular emphasis on security, compliance; scalability and portability, efficiency and reliability.  Responsibilities:Review and improve the current pipeline, writing clean, scalable, and maintainable code. Fully operationalise data pipeline and integrations between different business teams  Work with product leads, data management team, and domain experts to enable data lifecycle and a complete data flow into BI tools. Maintain and troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the current pipeline Improve and upgrade system infrastructure needs in Google Cloud. Ensure appropriate functioning of data storage and process functions in accordance with company security policies and best practices in cloud security Identify, analyze, and resolve infrastructure vulnerabilities and application deployment issues. Test and re-iterate all new development prior to deployment Regularly review existing systems and make recommendations for improvements RequirementsProven experience with GCP and Google Cloud security. Working experience with tools such as; Google Cloud Compute Engine, Google Cloud BigQuery, Google Cloud Storage, Dataflow, Dataproc, Dataflow, Dataprep, Cloud Composer, VM, GKE Strong documentation practices in Google repositories, Github, metadata management, Data Catalog/DataPlex dictionaries, Atlassian, Asana. Working experience with languages such as: Python, SQL, Java, C/C++, Ruby, Golang, PHP and . NET. Networking, DAX Expert knowledge of database development and management, SQL relational or analytical databases and API management BenefitsA competitive package based on experience An opportunity to create a real and tangible impact on global Agriculture and climate change A collaborative and highly engaging work environment with engagement across the Loam international R&D, product and commercial team Ability to have significant impact and grow with the organisation Please note, this role has the option to be based in Orange, NSW or Sydney, NSW. The location of this role will be based on the successful applicant's preference. 

