
Salary Range:  $65,000 - $75,000 based on experienceMust be US Citizen based in the US We are seeking a Junior Data Visualization Engineer to join our growing team at REAL Strategies.  If you have attention to detail, a knack for problem solving, ability to handle multiple projects at once, and embrace a collaborative work environment, this is an opportunity for you.  You would join our Data & Technology team that works closely with all our team members and clients in a small-company, fully remote environment. REAL Strategies is a data and technology driven organization that provides effective solutions to modern consumer, advocacy, and data-related challenges.  We support our clients’ mission and help them achieve their goals. The Junior Data Visualization Engineer provides critical support to our Data & Technology team at REAL Strategies. Working with our Data Visualization Engineer, you will help to interpret campaign metrics and analyze diverse data sets to create and maintain clear data visualization products for internal team members and our clients.RequirementsYou must understand data infrastructure standards and software tools.   Minimum 1 to 3 years’ experience in creating, developing, and maintaining interactive dashboards (React, R Shiny, Tableau, etc.) Proven experience with programming and web languages (R, SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.) Experience with using, maintaining, or building REST APIs Experience with statistical programming (R, Pandas) Ability to work in and adapt to a fast-moving, team-oriented virtual environment Additional Preferred QualificationsAbility to communicate to both technical and non-technical audiences for product demonstrations, compile written documentation, etc. Knowledge and experience with AWS tools Knowledge and experience with ArcGIS, or similar spatial manipulation tool BenefitsWe believe that a diverse, inclusive staff is fundamental to success. We are committed to hiring people of all races, ethnicities, religions, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientation, and gender identities.  Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ individuals, and members of untapped groups are encouraged to apply and are welcome on our team. We offer a supportive workplace filled with dedicated and creative people and all the following benefits: COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION Including a 401(k) with generous matching and annual bonus program 100% REMOTE WORKING OPPORTUNITY  Always have been and always will be TOP-NOTCH MEDICAL COVERAGE Domestic-partner inclusive, health, dental, vision, life, cancer coverage, and long-term disability insurance for you and your dependents GENEROUS PAID TIME OFF 23 days of PTO per year.  We believe in work-life balance and encourage you to use your time off. PAID PARENTAL LEAVE 8 weeks of fully paid time off. All genders qualify equally, and the policy includes adoptions. 

