
We all have important information we need to manage, and protecting it should be easy. Over 100,000 businesses and millions of people log in to 1Password to unlock smart, simple access to everything they care about. Our vision is to create a safer, simpler digital future for everyone, and our culture values simplicity, honesty and a human-centric approach to solving problems. Come help us unlock peace of mind so everyone can stay safer online.1Password is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to build tools and models that will guide better decision making. Your work will contribute to our understanding of our customers and prospective customers while being sensitive to their privacy expectations. You will partner with marketing, product, customer success and finance teams to measure the success of and optimize marketing activities, experimentation, product initiatives, and many others. All of this work feeds directly into the decisions made daily, giving our internal teams the information they need to answer the toughest questions. Come join our team if you can think strategically and critically, and you are passionate about using data to guide decisions. This is a Remote opportunity within Canada and the US.
What we're looking for:
Extensive experience using various methods to model relationships in data (regression, clustering, decision trees, anomaly detection, trend prediction, time-series, forecasting, etc.)Extensive experience with design of experiments, preferably on the web Expert SQL skills, expert Python for data analysis and data science, familiarity with Python for data engineering, expert level BI tool user (Looker preferred, but experience across Tableau, PowerBI, etc. welcome)Skilled at extracting insights from messy data Expert at using inferential and descriptive statistics to guide decisionsAbility to use NLP to derive insights Good at identifying and evaluating novel, complementary data sets Creative thinking and willingness to find novel solutions to tricky problems Impeccable attention to detail and data qualityUnderstanding of data infrastructureNaturally curious and highly motivated to jump in, analyze, experiment and learnComfortable working with data engineers, analytics engineers, marketing leads, product managers and financial analystsStrong ability to communicate and visualize the “so what” of your work to technical and non-technical audiences with easeAbility to think ahead and build models that are easy to iterate on as more data become availableExposure to software development standard practices, including version control, unit testing, and code reviewExperience deploying and maintaining models in a production environmentGreat if experience with marketing and product data in a technology environment What you can expect:
Drive marketing decisions from day 1 through A/B testing, developing ROI and attribution models, etc.Help 1Password understand what our users like about 1Password, how they use it and how they think we could improve itImpact our forecasting and prediction modelsSupport our customer service team through insightsExposure to data and analytics engineering, marketing and product analysis, and product, marketing and finance teamsThoughtful conversations about how to balance the need for data to understand our users and respect for our users’ privacyUnited States-based roles only: Minimum annual salary for this role is $123,000USD, plus immediate participation in 1Password’s benefits program (health, dental, 401k and many others), utilization of our generous paid time off and, where applicable, participation in our incentive programs. All employees are owners of 1Password and receive an equity grant as part of their total package. At 1Password, we approach each individual's compensation with a promise of fair market value and internal equity commensurate with experience and specific skill set.What we offer:We believe in working hard, and resting hard. We’re always looking for new ways to support our team members, but here’s a glance at what we currently offer: Health and wellbeing> 👶 Maternity and parental leave top up programs> 👟 Wellness spending account> 🏝 Generous PTO policy > 💖 Company-wide wellness days off scheduled throughout the year > 🧠 Complimentary Headspace membership> 🩺 Comprehensive health coverage Growth and future > 📈 Employee stock option program for all full time employees > 💸 Retirement matching program> 💡 Training budget, 1Password University access, and learning sessions > 🔑 Free 1Password account (and friends and family discount!) Flexibility and community> 🤝 Paid volunteer days > 🌎 Employee-led DEI&B programs and ERGs> 🏠 Fully remote environment> 🏆 Peer-to-peer recognition through Bonusly You belong here. 1Password is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace that is built on trust, support and respect. We welcome all individuals and do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, sex, citizenship, education, languages spoken or veteran status. Be yourself, find your people and share the things you love. Accommodation is available upon request at any point during our recruitment process. If you require an accommodation, please speak to your talent acquisition partner or email us at nextbit@agilebits.com and we’ll work to meet your needs. Candidate Privacy NoticeWhen you apply for a position, refer a candidate, or are being considered for a role at AgileBits, Inc. (dba 1Password, 1Password, we, us, or our), your information is stored in Lever, in accordance with Lever's Service Privacy Notice. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background.Candidates may also optionally choose to self-identify their race/ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, and disability. These answers will help us evaluate our diversity and belonging efforts. You do not have to answer these questions—your answers will not be linked to your name or job application, will not be visible to the hiring manager reviewing your application, and will in no way affect your job application. If you have any questions about the collection or use of this information, please contact [dpo@1password.com].When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how we use or process your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact our privacy team at [dpo@1password.com] or through 1Password Support.

