
Company DescriptionAt ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.  With more than 7,700+ customers, we serve approximately 85% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies®. Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow. Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.Job DescriptionTeam & Role:This role is part of the Content Operations & Experiences team (COE), which empowers the Product Content organization with tools and resources to create and manage content experiences. As a member of the Analytics team within COE, you will provide comprehensive analytics to make data-driven decisions which help build delightful and trusted content experiences that make our customers successful. You will work closely with product content management, content architects, writers, editors, product development, design, user research, program management, product content engineering and other partners to develop and deliver analytics products and insights. With a combination of exceptional analytical skills, an insatiable curiosity, and an entrepreneurial “get stuff done” mindset, you’ll help us better understand our users, customers, partners, and products, and drive important changes that will shape the future of ServiceNow. What you get to do in this role:    Design and develop data analytics products (including data visualization, dashboards and datasets, etc.) for the ServiceNow Product Content team.  Partner with internal stakeholders to drive end to end dashboard and visualization solution to address key business questions.  Collaborating across the company’s multiple data teams to meet analytics deliverables Maintain databases and develop/support monthly/quarterly metrics reports Automate manual checks/activities to strive towards seamless and faster Month-End, Quarter-End, and Annual business reports. Improve performance, efficiency, and accuracy of reporting. Training the product content team on available data sources and data products. Oversee product content users’ satisfaction, work closely with the product content team and PM to continuously improve the adoption of data products. QualificationsTo be successful in this role you have:  5-8 years of experience in data warehousing/data modeling, business intelligence or analytics space with experience in SQL, Snowflake, or SAP Hana and any additional object-oriented programming language (e.g., Python, Java, JavaScript). Ability to write efficient analytical SQL on database systems. Solid experience in dashboard and data visualization creation with one or more BI solutions (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, Geckoboard, etc.). SaaS analytics, subscription models, and understanding of web analytics concepts. Experience with web analytics tools Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics 360 is preferred. Experience with search and SEO tools is preferred. Experience with at least one modern web development language or frameworks (Java, JavaScript, NodeJs, ReactJS, AngularJS etc.). Experience with XQuery and/or other scripting languages for XML analysis. Proactive attitude and approach to work Ability to effectively prioritize deliverables with high quality and on-time delivery Excellent verbal and written communication skills, problem-solving, presentation abilities, and strong business acumen Knowledge of agile project management workflow For positions in California (outside of the Bay Area), we offer a base pay of $106,020 - $180,180, plus equity (when applicable), variable/incentive compensation and benefits. Sales positions generally offer a competitive On Target Earnings (OTE) incentive compensation structure. Please note that the base pay shown is a guideline, and individual total compensation will vary based on factors such as qualifications, skill level, competencies and work location. We also offer health plans, including flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) Plan with company match, ESPP, matching donations, a flexible time away plan and family leave programs (subject to eligibility requirements). Compensation is based on the geographic location in which the role is located, and is subject to change based on work location. For individuals who will be working in the Bay Area, there is a pay enhancement for positions located in that geographical area; please contact your recruiter for additional information.Additional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.   From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

