
Company DescriptionAt ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.  With more than 7,400+ customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies® 2022. Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow. Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.Job DescriptionYou will be part of the ServiceNow Cloud Services Big Data Team.  The Big Data team is building the next-generation platform that collects, stores and provides real-time access to large amounts of data.You will be driving the design and implementation of ServiceNow in-house real-time data visualization and analytics platform to support the growth of ServiceNow. What you get to do in this role:Bring your innovation and experience in designing and developing the next generation data analytics platform using cutting-edge technologies. Lead a global engineering team to drive end to end product design and implementation. Standardize processes for complete development cycle including design, implementation, unit testing, code review, testing automation etc. Research and adopt the right technologies to improve the scalability and productivity of the engineering group. Work closely with key stakeholders and product owners to drive technical design for requirements of various use cases. Coordinate with cross-function teams (DevOps, network, QA, etc.) to ensure a smooth cycle from development to deployment.QualificationsTo be successful in this role you have:Hands-on experience architecting enterprise data analytics products with high scalability and performance.6+ years of software development experience along with strong troubleshooting and debugging skills.Expert level skills with JavaScript, NodeJS, Webpack, ReactJS or other modern UI frameworks, Java and REST API developments.Background with data analytics, data visualization, BI tools and Hadoop ecosystem.Ability to produce high-quality software that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration.Solid background in complicated SQL & data analytics.Zeal for learning and adopting new ideas and patterns.Strong Computer Science fundamentals,  data structures, algorithms, and software design.Additional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.   From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

