
Company DescriptionFrom global research discoveries to clinical breakthroughs – our vision is to become the most influential life sciences company for researchers. If you are motivated by making a real impact to people’s life and have a desire to work in a passionate and diverse community, Abcam is the place for you.  Our culture is driven by our dedicated, agile and audacious community of professionals who are driven by a combined purpose and sense of belonging. We’re incredibly proud to be recognised as one of the top 5 best places to work in the UK for two years running, as per Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Award.Job DescriptionAs a member of the Product Marketing Product Data Integration (PDI) team, the Product Data Manager will own work streams that will ensure our customers receive the most up to date and accurate product information. Beyond scientific and technical knowledge of our Data Management systems, the Product Data Manager should have strong management, planning and communication skills to lead team of Product Data Associates in a fast paced environment that demands both pace and accuracy. Responsibilities: Line management of Product Data Associates & montioring resource levels to ensure team capacity is adquete. Ownership of key product data maintenance activities. Ensuring that team is performing to a high standard and delivering on agreed projects and activities.Feedback and influence stakeholders at various levels within the business.Triage data update requests from wider business validating and assigning priority to requests based on customer & business impact. Responding to queries from teams such as scientific support and customer services to help resolve customer queries or complaints. This will involve correcting both text and scientific errors, and also problem solving scientific issues using your extensive scientific background and knowledge.Inputting and supporting initiatives to improve efficiencies in the team. QualificationsOur ideal candidate will hold a Life Sciences degree & have over 2 years of line management experience. With strong leadership skills and the ability to recognize and deal with performance issues head on. Also, able to motivate and praise individuals to build and lead a high-performance team.Be able to confidently communicate project work in a clear and concise manner. Also, able to make recommendations for possible solutions to any issues.You will need to be an analytical thinker who is methodical, inquisitive and have a keen eye for detail. Also, be self-motivated, delivery focused and have a flexible and pragmatic approach.You must demonstrate outstanding communication skills, with a proven track record of building successful working relationships with colleagues.Excellent knowledge of MS Office applications is essential. Familiarity with Tableau or SQL would be required.You will have experience managing data & using Data Management systems (i.e Oracle & Pimcore). You will be able to collect, segment and establish trends in data to drive business decisions that have a broad impact across teams.  Additional InformationWe know that when it comes to benefits, no one size fits all. Flexibility and choice matter which is why we offer all kinds of ways to enable you and your loved ones to be well and live well. You can expect;A culture focused on well-being and opportunities for growth and development. We provide a wide range of training opportunities, for both professional and personal development.The freedom to work in a way that works for you, with a focus on maximising productivity and innovation at work whilst reducing environmental impact.A performance-based share plan, inspiring and rewarding our people as we deliver Abcam’s strategy.Attractive and flexible package including 158 days full paid maternity leave which will increase for subsequent children.We offer a truly inclusive environment where you can bring your whole self to work. This is underpinned by our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and our partnerships with WORK180 (endorsed employer for women) and MyGwork (LGBT+ professional community). All our positions are open as a Job Share, where two talented professionals can share the responsibility of a full time position. You can declare your interest in a job share role within the application form.Abcam is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes all employment decisions without regard to age, national origin, race, ethnicity, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.If you’re interested in this particular role then we’d love to read your application. LI-JW1

