About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreFocusKPI is seeking a Data Scientist to enable deep media insights through advanced analytics for our client, one of the largest retailers/e-commerce companies in the U.S..

Work Location: Remote in the U.S.

Duration: 6 months contract with potential for extension and conversion, depending on budget and performance

Pay range: $50/hour to $75/hour

Responsibilities

Perform hands-on coding to retrieve and analyze large datasets using Python and SQL
Integrate disparate data sources and leverage state-of-the-art analytics best practices to deliver integrated actionable insights to partners and stakeholders
Manage and streamline data extraction process with great attention to details
Assess the potential usefulness, validity, and rigor of new data sources
Work with cross-functional team to ensure that the quality of the data are of the highest standard
Help with media mix models to connect the impact of marketing tactics and business short-term and long-term outcomes

Qualifications

Master’s degree in statistics/mathematics, engineering, computer science, economics, or a related field
3+ years of industry experience in data, analytics, and data science role
Proficient coding skills (SQL/Python/R)
Deep knowledge of relational database capabilities and experience with big data technologies (Hive/Hadoop)
Proficient BI/BA data visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI, ThoughtSpot, Looker, etc.)
Experience working with Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM) and/or Multi-Touch Attribution Models (MTA) is a must
Experience with Modeling and Machine learning
Experience with cloud technologies such as GCP, AWS, Azure
Experience in integrating, structuring, and analyzing large amounts of data from diverse sources
Strong project management skills and attend-to-detail documentation skills.
Strong written and verbal communication with the ability to communicate complex technical topics clearly to a range of audiences and to ‘tell a story that provides insight into the business
Passion for working in a fast-paced agile environment.
A collaborative mindset and sense of curiosity

Preferred Qualifications

Ph.D. degree in statistics/mathematics, engineering, computer science, economics, or a related field
Experience with predictive modeling algorithms and optimization techniques
Experience applying statistics to business problems
Experience with advertising, measurement, and/or digital marketing analytics
Experience with advertising technology platforms, Ad servers, DSPs, DMPs, etc.

Thank you!

FocusKPI Hiring Team

Founded in 2010, FocusKPI, Inc. (FocusKPI) is a data science and technology firm specializing in predictive analytics practice and methodologies. FocusKPI is a US company headquartered in Silicon Valley, California with an East Coast office in Boston, Massachusetts.

NOTICE: Please be aware of fraudulent emails regarding job postings, job offers and fake checks. FocusKPI's recruiting team will strictly reach out via @focuskpi.com email domain. If you have received fraudulent emails now or in the past, please report it to https://reportfraud.ftc.gov/ .

The domain @focuskpijobs.com is fraudulent and not related to FocusKPI. Please do not not reply or communicate to anyone with @focuskpijobs.com.
