About the job
Position Summary...

What you'll do...

This is a hybrid role at one of two locations: San Bruno, CA or Hoboken, NJ.

Data Scientist

At Walmart, we pride ourselves for knowing our customers and connecting with them better than any other company. We interact with our customers across more categories than any company in the world.

The Customer Decision Science team which is a part of the Customer Insights & Strategy team in the Marketing org at Walmart analyzes every store trip, web and app visit, service interaction, search, click, purchase and survey response to help deliver the easiest shopping experience digitally and physically. We are a team comprised of decision science practitioners who work together to uncover the why behind the customer behavior while measuring the outcomes from a customer and competitive lens.

As a Data Scientist in the team, you will have the unique opportunity to leverage the power of technology, big data and analytics to improve the lives of the 100M+ households that shop at Walmart every year.

You will be responsible for identifying accelerators and decelerators of customer loyalty and supporting strategic executive initiatives in related areas.

Our ideal candidate is a sharp, thoughtful, and collaborative problem solver, who enjoys identifying key business levers and challenges, and then building data science and analytics frameworks to enable strategic decision making. You will have direct visibility with executive leadership team and will drive initiatives to support the rapid growth of our online and omni-channel customer base value. You will work closely with your peers and cross-functional partners to help inform and craft executive narratives, and provide business insights and analysis with a robust foundation.

You also have a strong combination of business acumen and data science background, as well as an intense hunger to make a significant business impact by owning and driving business outcomes.

This is a full-time position and will report to the Senior Director of Customer Decision Science.

What we'd like to see

Well balanced skills - People have trouble pinning you down. Both business and technical/ data teams claim you as their own. You are equal parts technical and functional. You are equally comfortable and effective in persuading both technical and business audiences
Data science & analytics expertise - You excel at designing and building new and impactful customer-centric KPIs and metrics to measure customer and competitive dynamics. You are equally strong at getting into the weeds and making sure that the data needed to support these metrics is consistent and available. You are very comfortable rolling up your sleeves when needed to write complex SQL queries and strive to balance speed with effective code design. You are adept at leveraging data science and algorithms frameworks in a practical business setting and have mastery over the fundamentals of machine learning techniques (such as regression, clustering algorithms and/or causal inference) along with cohort analyses. supervised, unsupervised learning and/or causal inference. You are able to use your expert understanding of data structures in order scope and define data needs to execute projects.
Project ownership - You are able to independently lead, execute and oversee end-to-end projects with a high degree of ambiguity. You have strong organizational skills that enable you to manage multiple priorities, set expectations and collaborate across stakeholders, managers and peers.
Business acumen - You are able to translate insights into relevant business recommendation, anticipate the needs of business stakeholders and connect the dots across various teams, research and insights in order to build convincing and synthesized business recommendations.
Great communicator - You're capable of telling the story behind the data to an executive audience and you are a pro at building slide decks that can simplify any complex story. You can customize your communication style based on stakeholders. You can easily translate a business question to analysis technique and provide specs to engineering teams or analysts.
Data visualization - You are a pro at leveraging visualization to build compelling stories based on context to integrate multiple pieces of information into cohesive insights.
People leadership - You can influence decision making across peers and managers by supporting your point of view with data-driven insights.

Responsibilities

Partner with C-suite, corporate strategy, finance, marketing, merchandising, research, product, data science and analytics organizations to drive outcomes
Develop and implement quantitative analyses and frameworks, deep dive customer insights, predictive models and customer KPIs to enable performance measurement, decision-making and identify cause-effect relationships between business actions and customer outcomes
Translate data insights into actions and self-serve products; have a strong product mindset and proactively ideate and design relevant data products
Design and execute experiments to achieve business objectives and drive optimization
Develop visuals (charts, infographics) and presentations to clearly and effectively communicate findings and recommendations to stakeholders and leadership
Partner with data and technical engineers to define data and tracking requirements

Minimum Qualifications

BA/BS in Marketing, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics or related field with 3+ years of experience in data science, data analytics and/or decision science; or Master's degree in relevant fields with 2+ years of experience
Advanced expertise in writing efficient SQL code across large and complex datasets (familiarity with CTEs, window functions)
Experience with at least one scripting language - R or Python
Practical experience in designing business metrics, time series analyses and forecasting techniques, cohort and survival analyses
Fundamental knowledge of applied statistics and machine learning methods, such as regression, clustering, classification
Proven experience with leading analysis-driven projects across definition, execution and presentation, driving and influencing strategy, product and marketing roadmaps
Direct experience working with very large datasets
Presentation experience and a proven track record of using insights to influence stakeholders and colleagues

Preferred Qualifications

Experience leveraging cloud based big data technologies (Hive/Big Query, Snowflake etc.) and transforming/automating data within cloud architectures to blend data from multiple sources to answer multi-dimensional business questions
Experience researching new techniques and utilizing open-source learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn)
Familiarity with causal inference and attribution techniques
Retail/e-commerce domain experience

Experience comes in many forms - skills are transferable, and passion goes a long way. We know that diversity makes for the best problem-solving and creative thinking, which is why we're dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team.

At Walmart, we offer competitive pay as well as performance-based incentive awards and other great benefits for a happier mind, body, and wallet. Health benefits include medical, vision and dental coverage. Financial benefits include 401(k), stock purchase and company-paid life insurance. Paid time off benefits include PTO (including sick leave), parental leave, family care leave, bereavement, jury duty, and voting. Other benefits include short-term and long-term disability, company discounts, Military Leave Pay, adoption and surrogacy expense reimbursement, and more.

You will also receive PTO and/or PPTO that can be used for vacation, sick leave, holidays, or other purposes. The amount you receive depends on your job classification and length of employment. It will meet or exceed the requirements of paid sick leave laws, where applicable. For information about PTO, see https://one.walmart.com/notices .

Live Better U is a Walmart-paid education benefit program for full-time and part-time associates in Walmart and Sam's Club facilities. Programs range from high school completion to bachelor's degrees, including English Language Learning and short-form certificates. Tuition, books, and fees are completely paid for by Walmart.

Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to a specific plan or program terms. For information about benefits and eligibility, see One.Walmart at https://bit.ly/3iOOb1J .

The annual salary range for this position is $128,000.00-$170,000.00

Additional Compensation Includes Annual Or Quarterly Performance Incentives.

Additional compensation for certain positions may also include:

Regional Pay Zone (RPZ) (based on location)
Stock equity incentives

Minimum Qualifications...

Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.

Option 1: Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 2 years' experience in an analytics or related field. Option 2: Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field. Option 3: 4 years' experience in an analytics or related field.

Preferred Qualifications...

Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.

Data science, machine learning, optimization models, Master's degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Information Technology, Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Econometrics, Successful completion of one or more assessments in Python, Spark, Scala, or R, Using open source frameworks (for example, scikit learn, tensorflow, torch)

Primary Location...

121 River St, Hoboken, NJ 07030-5989, United States of America
