About the job

Summary

The people here at Apple don’t just create products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it!


Apple is looking for a data scientist to work on the Apple Services Digital Marketing team to help us understand public consumer feedback at scale, excavate insights to optimize our marketing and products, and monitor external brand relevancy. This person must have a deep understanding of statistics, machine learning techniques, digital marketing data and NLP to identify actionable insights and have the ability to successfully evangelize, educate, and enable within a very large organization.


Key Qualifications

Attains clear understanding of statistics

Capability to code in SQL and Python or R to work with large data sets

Knowledge of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision trees, artificial neural networks, regression, classification, Keras, etc)

Experience building custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets

Understanding of digital marketing data - Social, SEO, Paid, etc

Experience creating data visualizations with various programming languages (JavaScript and D3 preferred)

Understanding of NLP techniques for text representation and semantic extraction

Deep knowledge of text representation techniques (such as bag of words, sentiment analysis, n-grams etc.)

Ability to work and speak to both creative and technical teams

Ability to solve problems with an analytical mind set

5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and using statistical models plus NLP to extract insights and visualize them for stakeholders


Description

Build and maintain data driven optimization models, experiments, forecasting algorithms and machine learning models to better campaign performance, identify trends and optimize products


Assess business needs to translate model outputs into tangible and actionable findings and reports for both marketing and product


Produce performance benchmarks across various digital marketing channels


Create, maintain and automate content taxonomies and use for attribution analyses


Design NLP applications and utilize topic modeling to understand digital consumer feedback for ourselves in comparison to competitors


Create and maintain data analytics dashboards


Communicate and present findings to key stakeholders


Education & Experience

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent preferred.


Pay & Benefits

At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $136,000 and $207,000, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.

Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits.

Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.


Role Number: 200460836
