About the job
A little about us...

LTIMindtree is a global technology consulting and digital solutions company that enables enterprises across industries to reimagine business models, accelerate innovation, and maximize growth by harnessing digital technologies. As a digital transformation partner to more than 750 clients, LTIMindtree brings extensive domain and technology expertise to help drive superior competitive differentiation, customer experiences, and business outcomes in a converging world.
We provide our employees with a learning environment that promotes growth and creativity.
To learn more please visit us at https://www.ltimindtree.com/Twitter @ https://twitter.com/ltimindtree
Job Details:

3 years’ experience In Application Support, Production environment and IT operations like Incident Management, Change Management, Problem Management
Willing to work on Production support Project, Open to learn new technologies and get cross skilled across technologies.
Should be willing to take the on-calls during weekdays and weekends.
Must have good communication skills to interact with business users.
Able to adjust the timings of work based on customer needs.
Able to look for Automation opportunities and automate the repeated tasks.
Should be open to work in shifts
Primary Skills : SQL, TERADATA, AWS, AWS, Informatica

How will you grow?

Role-based Training programs
Continuing Education Programs (CEP) to enhance your knowledge, skills, and attitude as a professional.
We encourage you to acquire various beneficial international certifications, with costs s reimbursed.
Our role-based workshop helps us groom future leaders for LTI.
What's in it for you?

Excellent benefits plan: medical, dental, vision, life, FSA, & PTO
Roll over vacation days
Commuter benefits
Excellent growth and advancement opportunities
Certification reimbursement
Rewards and recognition programs
Innovative and collaborative company culture
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
