About the job
Job Description


Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sources—cable, broadcast, and digital media—our technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now, we are looking for a highly motivated Sr. Data Scientist who will be responsible for applying data science or AI to identify business insight and optimization strategies from big data, and research & design, build, evaluate and optimize product solutions including but not limited to data wrangling and engineering, statistical analysis, machine learning, graph science, signal processing, NLP and optimization methods.

Data Scientists collaborate directly with Product development, Business Intelligence, Data Engineering and Development team members to productize research as reporting, smart content, and applications. This is a critical mathematical engineering role whose work is leveraged by other engineers and by senior executives to define the future of Cadent.

Our ideal player will:

Design, train and apply statistics, mathematical models, and machine learning techniques to create scalable solutions for predictive learning, forecasting and optimization
Work with Software development team to deploy models as micro-services leveraged inside of business software products
Monitor, maintain, and refine predictive models as necessary, including re-training
Work with product team to align software goals with KPI’s via empirical measure of effectiveness
Participate in the agile / scrum process
Follow the CRISP-DM process to generate robust documentation associated with iterative work
Present results to technical and business stakeholders.
Our ideal player will have:

M.S. or higher in computer science, mathematics or related discipline with a focus on machine learning or the equivalent of 3 to 5 years of experience in machine learning, forecasting and
Practical experience in building evaluating and deploying machine learning pipelines as with python, preferably within AWS or GCP ecosystem
Strong programming skills in Python, fluency in data manipulation (SQL, Spark, Pandas), machine learning (e.g. scikit-learn, Keras/Tensorflow, pymc3) and optimization (e.g. linear programming) tools
Experience with accessing and organizing data drawn from relational and non-relational data stores.
Experience in cloud computing ecosystems (preferably in AWS and GCP)
Practical experience in deep learning architectures and frameworks
Proven background answering open ended research questions using data
Experience with computational statistics and understanding of theoretical fundamentals of statistics and mathematical workings of machine learning algorithms.
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability.
Demonstrated communication skills including the ability switch between technical and business contexts.
Preferably a background in software development
Extra Credit if you have:

Media or Advertising Experience
Experience working with DSP or Identity Graph
If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let’s start the conversation!

Cadent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to supporting all it’s employees when it comes to Inclusion & Diversity. Cadent’s policy is to provide equal opportunity for applicants & employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual identity or orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability or medical condition (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), sexual and reproductive health decisions, genetic information, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), pregnancy, culture ancestry, familial or caregiver status, military status, veteran status, socioeconomic status, unemployment status, status as a victim of domestic violence or any other basis prohibited by law. and will not discriminate against the basis of disability. This commitment is honored when it comes to decisions on hiring, recruiting, training, promotions, compensations, benefits, transfers and terminations.

Cadent is seeking to actively engage with our employees from a wide variety of cultures and to connect with our clients differently. Our workforce has generational diversity that supports greater innovation when we maximize representation of all diversity. Our active employee resource groups promote engagement across all groups of individuals that are represented within the company and externally
