About the job
About Us

Constructor.io powers product search and discovery for the largest retailers in the world, like Sephora and Backcountry, serving billions of requests every year: you have most likely used our product without knowing it. Each year we are growing in revenue and scale by several multiples, helping customers in every eCommerce vertical around the world.

We love working together to help each other succeed, and are committed to maintaining an open, cooperative culture as we grow. We get to the right answer with empathy, ownership and passion for making an impact.

Recall team are new in Constructor and we're plan to boost business KPIs, help clients to improve their catalogs with ML and make our DS part more transparent for our customers.

Challenges you will tackle
Build and deploy robust ML systems for search.
Collaborate with technical and non-technical business partners to develop analytical dashboards that describe the impact of ML algorithms to stakeholders.
Improve business KPIs by using new techniques/models and validating hypotheses.
Make whole system more transparent for our customer.

About You
You are excited about using ML to build a performant and practical search system for 100M+ requests per day.
You excel at Python, at least one ML/DL framework (we're using torch), have proficiency with any variant of SQL, and feel comfortable with the big data stack like Spark, Presto/Athena & Hive.
You have delivered production ML systems and conducted A/B tests to validate their value.
You are an excellent communicator with the ability to translate intuition into data-driven hypotheses that result in engineering solutions that bring significant business value
You love to work on performance optimization such as increasing result quality and improving code performance

Requirements
Excellent skills delivering and communicating business value
Proficiency with Python, SQL, and the big data stack for end-to-end ML product development
Comprehensive knowledge of classical machine learning
Experience with deep learning
Skills designing, conducting, and analyzing A/B tests
Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms and their trade-offs
A proven track record of software architecture and design skills
Experience with a public cloud like AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with Rust (or C/C++) will be huge plus

The compensation range for this position is between a base range of 90-110K USD + stock options + stipends.

Benefits
Unlimited vacation time: we strongly encourage all of our employees take at least 3 weeks per year
A competitive compensation package including stock options
Company sponsored US health coverage (100% paid for employee)
Fully remote team - choose where you live
Work from home stipend! We want you to have the resources you need to set up your home office
Apple laptops provided for new employees
Training and development budget for every employee, refreshed each year
Maternity & Paternity leave for qualified employees
Work with smart people who will help you grow and make a meaningful impact

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Constructor

At Constructor.io we are committed to cultivating a work environment that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome individuals of all backgrounds and provide equal opportunities to all applicants regardless of their education, diversity of opinion, race, color, religion, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or affiliation in any other protected group.
