About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreKadiak, LLC, a Koniag Government Services company, is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to support Kadiak, LLC and our government customer in Clarksburg, WV.

We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more.

Position Overview

Kadiak, LLC currently has an opening for a Data Science Professional to provide support for the FBI at their Clarksburg facility. Under the direction of the government, the successful candidate will provide data analysis and development of data sets for functional and performance analytics; turning data into value for IT solutions; creating data visualizations to communicate IT findings which enhance business functions. This position may perform its duties either remote, on-site or hybrid.

Essential Functions, Responsibilities & Duties may include, but are not limited to:

Experience with data analysis and development of data sets for functional and performance analytics; turning data into value for IT solutions.
Creating data visualizations to communicate IT findings which enhance business functions.

Work Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

At least 12 years of experience with data analysis and development of data sets for functional and performance analytics; turning data into value for IT solutions; creating data visualizations to communicate IT findings which enhance business functions.
Superior verbal and written communication skills.
SME personnel shall also possess excellent analytical, interpersonal, and presentation skills.
Proof of US Citizenship
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) or Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree from an accredited institution; or equivalent experience.

Working Environment & Conditions

This position may perform its duties either remote, on-site in an office environment, or hybrid.

This job operates in a professional office environment and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The workload may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, do simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.

Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms, and conditions of employment.

The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations.

Koniag Government Services (KGS) is an Alaska Native Owned corporation supporting the values and traditions of our native communities through an agile employee and corporate culture that delivers Enterprise Solutions, Professional Services and Operational Management to Federal Government Agencies. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Koniag, we apply our proven commercial solutions to a deep knowledge of Defense and Civilian missions to provide forward leaning technical, professional, and operational solutions. KGS enables successful mission outcomes for our customers through solution-oriented business partnerships and a commitment to exceptional service delivery. We ensure long-term success with a continuous improvement approach while balancing the collective interests of our customers, employees, and native communities. For more information, please visit www.koniag-gs.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. Shareholder Preference in accordance with Public Law 88-352
