About the job
Hopper has recently launched a new B2B initiative within Hopper Cloud called Distributed Fintech that is now powering fintech across travel companies websites and mobile apps. Based on the strong growth within this segment, our team is now looking for a highly talented Machine learning engineer to have a tremendous impact on the growth of our business.

On this team you will be joining a team of product managers, data scientists, engineers, and designers in the creation, delivery, and optimization of our fintech stack that makes travel planning easier and more flexible. The impact of all of this will be realized across hundreds of millions of users across the world at scale!

In this role you will be working across our full stack of fintech offerings and be deploying cutting edge models that bolster enterprise value for Hopper and our partnerships. It's a unique opportunity to join one of the fastest growing teams at hopper, get access to fascinating and massive data sets with market and behavioral data, a huge personal growth trajectory, and a high potential upside of pre-IPO stock options.

We are looking for someone who has a real bias for action, takes ownership, thrives on autonomy and delivers results. A smart creative with a proven record of solving hard problems and deep understanding of data, product and business.

Requirements
Coding abilities with languages like Python, SQL, etc.
Strong problem-solving skills, and critical thinking competencies
Statistics Commercial Awareness (works backwards from making money to the business)
Industry experience (e.g. Booking, Uber, Lyft, google, Facebook, Zillow etc)
Has deployed ML algorithms into production using latest technologies (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes, etc)
Has a proven track record of solving complex problems with in depth understanding of data, product and business impact
Has experience with data visualization tools (Tableau, Amplitude, Big Query)
More About Hopper

At Hopper, we are on a mission to become the world’s best — and most fun — place to book travel. By leveraging massive amounts of data, advanced machine learning algorithms, Hopper combines its world-class travel agency offering with proprietary fintech products to help customers spend less and travel better. Ranked the third largest online travel agency in North America, the app has been downloaded nearly 80 million times and continues to gain market share globally.

Here are just a few stats that demonstrate the company’s recent growth:
Hopper sold around $4 billion in travel and travel fintech in 2022, up nearly 3X over 2021. In 2022, Hopper increased its revenue 2.5X year-over year.
The company’s bespoke fintech products, such as Flight Disruption Guarantee and Price Freeze, now represent 30-40% of Hopper’s total app revenue.
Given the success of its fintech products, Hopper launched a B2B initiative called Hopper Cloud in late 2021. Through this partnership program, any travel provider (airlines, hotels, banks, travel agencies, etc.) can integrate and seamlessly distribute Hopper’s fintech or travel inventory. As its first Hopper Cloud partnership,
Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.
Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company four years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 80 million times and continues to have millions of new installs each month.
Hopper has raised over $700 million USD of private capital and is backed by some of the largest institutional investors and banks in the world. Hopper is primed to continue its acceleration as the world’s fastest-growing mobile-first travel marketplace.
Come take off with us!
