About the job
At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.

Job Description Summary:

Our global Growth Marketing transformation is in full swing. We embarked on a path of transforming and building a world class Marketing organization earlier this year. Our team helps power PayPal and Venmo’s high growth Marketing organization by delivering actionable insights and business intelligence at scale. In this role, you will be the analytics partner for the Website & SEO teams where you will be tasked to provide analytical solutions for complex and high-visibility business challenges. You will use data to come up with the insights required to manage and grow our Website & SEO traffic effectively and leverage cross-functional teams to develop and land solutions that meet business needs at scale. You will play a pivotal role in conversion optimization and improving our website user experience. You will collaborate with Website, Engineering, and Marketing teams, to ensure best practice, improve our website, grow our audience, and improve funnel conversion. Our team is entrepreneurial, enthusiastic, and client-focused. If you are a fast learner, are willing to learn and grow, have a can-do attitude, and wants to solve problems in the most pragmatic way, we would like to talk with you.

Job Description:

Responsibilities

Participate and collaborate with cross functional teams in the organization to understand the business requirements and to deliver analytical solutions that can scale.
Supervise the development of statistically correct test designs to ensure that the output is correct and delivers the insights that are needed
Perform deep dive analyses on key business trends from different perspectives and package the insights into easily consumable presentations and documents
Provide thought leadership within the marketing analytics community
Strong problem-solving skills as this is an individual contributor role.
Partner with marketing and analytics teams to understand business requirements, analyze performance and provide actionable insights
Extract insight from data, identify relevant trends and provides well-developed proactive recommendations to enhance and exceed our marketing goals and objectives.
Own production, development and maintenance of reports, tableau dashboards, data cubes and ongoing analyses to meet SLAs.
Continuously think how to improve the analytics infrastructure for the team and automate processes
Automation & streamlining of existing processes and provide innovative solutions to the business
Work and establish good working relationships with marketing and analytics teams to leverage existing infra for the team and continuously engage with these teams for idea cross pollination


Requirements

Bachelors/MS/PhD Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Economics
Excellent knowledge of SQL. Knowledge of either Python or R.
2 to 3 years analytics experience
Experience in SEO & Web Analytics is good to have
Familiarity with major web analytics tools such as Google Analytics & Google Search Console
Exceptional problem-solving skills, with strong ability to drive towards action and impact
Experience in managing analytics projects from inception to delivery, including developing structured solutions.
Experience with visualizations, Tableau dashboards, and reports.
Experience with data modelling, machine learning algorithms, and data science techniques is a plus.
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Understanding of paid search engine marketing is a plus.


PayPal is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices.

Actual Compensation is based on various factors including but not limited to work location, and relevant skills and experience.

The total compensation for this practice may include an annual performance bonus (or other incentive compensation, as applicable), equity, and medical, dental, vision, and other benefits. For more information, visit https://www.paypalbenefits.com.

The U.S. national annual pay range for this role is $60900 to $147400

Our Benefits:

At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.

We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit https://www.paypalbenefits.com

Who We Are:

To learn more about our culture and community visit https://about.pypl.com/who-we-are/default.aspx

PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.

As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.

REQ ID R0099663
