About the job
Who we are:

At Wunderman Thompson we exist to inspire growth for ambitious brands. Part creative agency, part consultancy and part technology company, our experts provide end-to-end capabilities at a global scale to deliver inspiration across the entire brand and customer experience.

We are 20,000 strong in 90 markets around the world;?our people bring together creative storytelling, diverse perspectives, inclusive thinking, and highly specialized vertical capabilities to drive growth for our clients. We offer deep expertise across the entire customer journey, including communications, commerce, consultancy, CRM, CX, data, production, and technology.

We are looking for someone who has a passion for actionable analytics to solve core questions related to digital analytics, marketing, and consumer behavior. This person has strong analytics chops with a curiosity that generates questions along with solutions. You will execute analyses and models supporting digital marketing performance that culminates recommendations for creatives and consumers. You must have strong communication skills and can clearly present findings to diverse audiences at all levels of the organization. We are looking for a person with an awesome sense of humor who doesn’t mind rolling up their sleeves to dig deep to answer the “so what” of analytics. If you love leveraging data and insights to solve critical business problems, then this is the role for you!

What’s in it for you?
Ability to make an immediate impact.
Work immediately with data from multiple clients and sources.
Opportunity to be surrounded by great talent at a world class marketing shop (seriously, you should see the creative stuff that flows through here!).
Have fun! We are a great team with and have been told we have a great culture.

What you will do?
Deliver customer-specific analyses, such as, but not limited to: Customer Segmentation, Retention Analysis, Lifetime Value Analysis, Customer Profiles, A/B and Multivariate Testing, Time-to-Event, and Cookie-Level analysis.
Exercise and share your knowledge of analysis techniques, machine learning (i.e decision trees, cluster analysis) and statistics (time-series, continuous and limited dependent variables etc.) as it consumer marketing to develop solutions that empowers business partners to meet their objectives.
Tackle complex business problems by converting raw data into meaningful and actionable business ideas.
Lead individual projects from kickoff to completion.
Set and meet project deadlines.
Lead analysis/recommendations and set KPIs.
Create business rules and generate baseline metrics.
Conduct accuracy audits and assessments.

What it takes?
All-around talent, you can think through a complex business problem and solve it.
3+ years’ experience reporting and analyzing digital, marketing efforts as they relate to the profitable acquisition of new customers and existing customers.
3+ years’ experience analyzing data, drawing conclusions and making recommendations; consulting experience is a plus.
2+ years’ experience conducting Customer Segmentation, Retention Analysis, and/or Lifetime Value Analysis.
Proficiency in advanced quantitative/statistical modeling, optimization techniques, etc.
Ability to identify and resolve problems by leveraging multivariate data analysis.
Experience with R, Big Data, web analytics, marketing analytics, online marketing and multi-channel marketing. Python or Hadoop a plus.
Strong understanding of the concepts, terminology, and measurement issues in Web/Digital Analytics.
Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.
Able to effectively communicate complex ideas to diverse audiences.
Quantitative related degree (e.g. science, engineering, finance, statistics, or related field) or strong quantitative training a plus.
A passion for what you do.

The base salary range for this position at the time of this posting is indicated below. Individual compensation varies based on job-related factors, including location, business needs, level of responsibility, experience, and qualifications. We offer a competitive benefits package, click WPP Benefits for more details.

_

$45,000—$90,000 USD

At Wunderman Thompson, we are committed to actively building a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace where everyone feels welcomed, valued and heard, and is treated with dignity and respect. As leaders and creative partners across industries, it is our responsibility to cultivate an environment reflective of our greatest asset; our people. We believe that this commitment inspires growth and delivers equitable outcomes for everyone as well as the clients and communities we serve.

Wunderman Thompson is?a WPP?agency.? For more information, please visit our website and follow Wunderman Thompson on our social channels via Twitter,?Facebook,?LinkedIn,?and?Instagram.?

Note: We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.

When you click the "Submit Application" button below, this will send any information you add below to Wunderman Thompson. Before you do this, we think it's a good idea to read through our Recruitment Privacy Policy. California residents should read our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. This explains what we do with your personal data when you apply for a role with us, and, how you can update the information you have provided us with or how to remove it.
