
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionVISA is a leader in the payment industry and quickly transitioning into a technology company that is fostering an environment for applying the latest technology to solve exciting problems in this area. For a payment system to work well, the risk techniques, performance, and scalability are critical. These techniques and systems can benefit from big data, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, & many other advance technologies and in VISA, we have all of theseThis position is for a Staff Data Engineer with solid development experience who will focus on creating new capabilities for Visa’s Acceptance Platform while maturing our code base and development processes. In this position, you are first a passionate and talented developer that can work in a dynamic environment as a member of Agile Scrum teams. Your strong technical leadership, problem-solving abilities, coding, testing and debugging skills is just a start.You will be an integral part of the development team, sometimes investigating new requirements and design and at times refactoring existing functionality for performance and maintainability, but always working on ways to make us more efficient and provide better solutions to our end customers. The candidate will perform hands-on activities including design, documentation, development and test of new functionality. Working as a Data Engineer in Visa is a chance to work with big data in a company that prizes security and user privacy above all else, ultimately making it so you can use your abilities to the fullestEssential FunctionsWork with manager and internal clients to fully understand business requirements and desired business outcomesBuild and maintain a robust data engineering process to develop and implement self-serve data and tools for Visa’s data scientistsPerform other tasks on R&D, data governance, system infrastructure, analytics tool evaluation, and other cross team functions, on an as-needed basisFind opportunities to create, automate and scale repeatable analyses or build self-service tools for business usersExecute data engineering projects ranging from small to large either individually or as part of a project teamEnsure project delivery within timelines and budget requirementsProvide coaching and mentoring to junior team members This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office 2-3 set days a week (determined by leadership/site), with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% or more of the time based on business needs.QualificationsBasic Qualifications5 or more years of relevant work experience with a Bachelors Degree or at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhD Preferred Qualifications6 or more years of work experience with a Bachelors Degree or 4 or more years of relevant experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or up to 3 years of relevant experience with a PhDProven knowledge of successful design, architecture and development using Big Data Hadoop, J2EE and Spark with large data volumes and transaction systemsPossesses a deep understanding of benefits/drawbacks of different integration patternsContinuous delivery and Dev Ops experience – infrastructure automation, monitoring, logging, auditing and security implementation and practicesKnowledge of NoSQL databases (e.g., HBASE and Cassandra) technologies is a plusExperience with GIT/Stash, Maven, and JenkinsExperience in Python, Hbase, Kafka is a big plusExperience in MySQL, Oracle, or IBM DB2 on AIX, Unix, or Linux platformAbility to solve complex software development/design issuesAbility to write clean, coherent code following established coding guidelinesStrong interpersonal, facilitation, and effective communication skills (both written and verbal) and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise wayExperience developing as part of Agile/Scrum team is preferredPassionate about delivering zero defect code that meet or exceed the proposed defect SLA and have high sense of accountability for quality and timeliness of deliverablesAbility to deliver on multiple projects and manage priorities based on changing directionsHighly driven, resourceful and results orientedExperience in Payments is preferredAdditional InformationVisa has adopted a COVID-19 vaccination policy to safeguard the health and well-being of our employees and visitors. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the U.S. are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is 126,000.00 to 163,800.00 USD, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.

