
    
    
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking a Intern - Gas Transfer Systems, Technical Grad Summer
As an intern, you will support research and development activities for future gas transfer systems and component.
On any given day, you may be called on to:
+ Design, develop, and test prototype hardware
+ Evolve and qualify innovative fabrication and assembly techniques
+ Develop and/or maintain instrumentation and control systems for temperature, pressure, and flow
+ Develop and/or maintain data acquisition systems and data processing codes
+ Participate in research projects, potentially leading to internal Sandia technical publications
This position offers substantial opportunity for training and technical mentorship. As such, you will be paired with a mentor. You should enjoy working in a challenging and dynamic environment requiring independent work and constant learning.
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Qualifications We Require:
You bring the confidence and skills to be eligible for the job by meeting these minimum requirements:
+ Earned bachelor's degree
+ Currently attending and enrolled full time in the spring term immediately preceding the internship (or scheduled to graduate in the spring) in an accredited related graduate program
+ Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0
+ Ability to work up to 40 hours per week during the summer
+ U.S. citizen, asylee, refugee, or lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
Note: If you have not yet started your graduate program, please apply to an undergraduate intern position.
Qualifications We Desire:
+  Pursuing a science, engineering, or math major 
+  General computer proficiency (MS windows, MS office) 
+  Mechanical design skills; proficiency in SolidWorks or CREO software with FEA 
+  Programming/control and/or numerical analysis experience (MATLAB, Labview, Python, or similar) 
+  Experience interfacing with DAQ systems and basic PID controller programming 
+  Well-developed hands-on skills 
+  Interest in pursuing a career in R&D (MS or PhD) in mechanical engineering 
About Our Team:
 The Gas Transfer System (GTS) Engineering Department brings together engineers, material scientists, and technologists to design, develop, and qualify gas transfer systems for national security programs. 
 Our work focuses on three major thrusts—scientific research, advanced component development, and engineering support of existing systems. Specific responsibilities include design of the high-pressure gas reservoir and explosive components, development of welding technologies, and investigation of the effect of hydrogen isotopes in various materials. 
 The department operates two facilities that support the GTS mission: the high-pressure testing facility and a welding/brazing facility. These facilities enable a range of high-rigor experimental research and development activities, including high-pressure gas experiments, vacuum experiments, explosive testing, mechanical assembly and light fabrication, welding and brazing development, and GTS characterization and development tests. 
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688127    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing / Production                    

                
                    
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Materials/Logistics                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Design / Development Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Environmental                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
                    
                        Mechanical Codes and Standards                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

