
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Salary Range:
$100,900 - $195,400
*Salary range is estimated, and actual salary will be determined after consideration of the selected candidate's experience and qualifications, and application of any approved geographic salary differential.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking an R&D S&E, Cybersecurity professional within our Cyber Enterprise Security organization. This position may be based at SNL Livermore, California or SNL Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Are you passionate about research dedicated to keeping systems safe and thwarting cyber intrusions? Are you dreaming of a chance to develop protective technologies, conduct threat assessments, and analyze government, military, and civilian computer networks? If so, you will want to apply for this opportunity to join Sandia's unique multidisciplinary team committed to solving the information security challenges facing our nation. As part of our team, you will engage in work across the technology spectrum including embedded, mobile, desktop, and enterprise systems, as well as globally connected networks of networks.
To support Sandia's national security missions, our cybersecurity scientists and engineers engage in a variety of research areas including:
+ Manual and automated reverse engineering, vulnerability assessment, and malware analysis
+ Intrusion prevention/detection and response, penetration testing, and forensics
+ Network operation, information protection, and resiliency
+ Authentication and authorization
+ Cryptography
+ Threat intelligence
+ Modeling, simulation, and emulation
+ Data science, information theory, and streaming and behavioral analytics
+ Hardware/software trust and assurance
+ Real-time operating systems (RTOS) and embedded systems, including Internet of Things (IoT)
+ Virtualization (system and network) and cloud technologies
+ Mobile devices and smart technologies
+ Autonomous systems
+ Industrial control systems and SCADA systems
Applicants on this requisition may be interviewed by multiple organizations at Sandia National Laboratories.
Qualifications We Require:
+ Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Cybersecurity, or Intelligence; or equivalent combination of education and experience
+ Experience with various programming and scripting languages, such as shell scripting, Python, C/C++, Java, Javascript, or VBscript
+ Ability to acquire and maintain a DOE Q level security clearance
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Degree(s) in Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Information Systems, Computer Forensics, or Mathematics
+ Experience conducting research resulting in creative technical solutions
+ Experience with assembly or operating system programming, application layer programming, Dev-Ops programming, and/or network layer programming
+ Experience in reverse engineering, malware analysis, formal methods, deciphering known and unknown file formats, data structures, and network protocols
+ Experience with one or more of the following: network design, implementation, administration, database systems, webservers, application servers, firewalls, network devices, data science/analytics
+ Experience auditing code in C/C++, Java, Python, assembly, or other languages
+ Strong analytical skills
+ Familiarity with secure-system design principles and information assurance principles
+ Well-developed leadership skills with the ability to prioritize and execute in a disciplined and focused manner
+ Strong oral and written communication skills, ability to explain complex ideas clearly and concisely
+ Active DOE Q security clearance
About Our Team:
The team is responsible for maintenance and continuous improvements to Sandia's network security architecture, and performs information & cyber security research to develop and apply groundbreaking cyber technologies. The department performs research in all areas of cyber defense, vulnerability analyses of networks and networked systems, vulnerability scanning, intrusion detection, incident response, computer and network forensics, counterintelligence technical support, and consulting services to other organizations with information security concerns. The team partners with various organizations across the laboratories and external partners to ensure the protection of Sandia's information and assets.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688289    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing engineering                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Automotive                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Mechanical Codes and Standards                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing / Production                    

                
                    
                        Environmental                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

