
 ETL & Database EngineerThe CDP ETL & Database Engineer will specialize in architecting, designing, and implementing solutions that are sustainable and scalable. The ideal candidate will understand CRM methodologies, with an analytical mindset, and a background in relational modeling in a Hybrid architecture. The candidate will help drive the business towards specific technical initiatives and will work closely with the Solutions Management, Delivery, and Product Engineering teams. The candidate will join a team of developers across the US and India. Responsibilities:• ETL Development – The CDP ETL & Database Engineer will be responsible for building pipelines to feed downstream data processes. They will have the ability to analyze data, interpret business requirements, and establish relationships between data sets. The ideal candidate will be familiar with different encoding formats and file layouts such as JSON and XML.• Implementations & Onboarding – Will work with the team to onboard new clients onto the ZMP/CDP+ platform. The candidate will solidify business requirements, perform ETL file validation, establish users, perform complex aggregations, and syndicate data across platforms. The hands-on engineer will take a test-driven approach towards development and will be able to document processes and workflows.• Incremental Change Requests– The CDP ETL & Database Engineer will be responsible for analyzing change requests and determining the best approach towards implementation and execution of the request. This requires the engineer to have a deep understanding of the overall architecture of the platform. Change requestswill be implemented and tested in a development environment to ensure the introduction of change will not have a negative impact on downstream processes.• Change Data Management – The candidate will adhere to change data management procedures and actively participate in CAB meetings where change requests will be presented and approved. Prior to introducing change, the engineer will ensure that processes are running in a development environment. The engineer will be asked to do peer to peer code reviews as well as solution reviews prior to production code deployment.• Collaboration & Process Improvement – The engineer will be asked to participate in knowledge share sessions where they will engage with peers, discuss solutions, best practices, overall approach, and process. The candidate will be able to look for opportunities to streamline processes with an eye towards building arepeatable model to reduce implementation duration.Job Requirements:• The CDP ETL & Database Engineer will be well versed in the following areas:o Relational data modelingo ETL and FTP concepts o Advanced Analytics using SQL Functions o Cloud technologies - AWS, Snowflake • Able to decipher requirements, provide recommendations, and implement solutions within predefined timeframes. • The ability to work independently, but at the same time, the individual will be called upon to contribute in a team setting. • The engineer will be able to confidently communicate status, raise exceptions, and voice concerns to their direct manager.• Participate in internal client project status meetings with the Solution/Delivery management teams.• When required, collaborate with the Business Solutions Analyst (BSA) to solidify requirements. • Ability to work in a fast paced, agile environment; individual will be able to work with a sense of urgency when escalated issues arise. • Strong communication and interpersonal skills, ability to multitask and prioritize workload based on client demand. • Familiarity with Jira for workflow mgmt., and time allocation.• Familiarity with Scrum framework, backlog, planning, sprints, story points, retrospectives etc. Required Skills:• ETL – ETL tools such as o Talend (Preferred, not required) o DMExpress – Nice to haveo Informatica – Nice to have• Database - Hands on experience with the following database Technologieso Snowflake (Required) o Oracle 11 or Higher – Nice to haveo SQL Server SSIS – Nice to haveo MYSQL/PostgreSQL – Nice to have o Familiar with NOSQL DB methodologies (Nice to have) • Programming Languages – Can demonstrate knowledge of any of the following.o PLSQL o JavaScript Strong Plus o Python - Nice to haveo Scala - Nice to have• AWS – Knowledge of the following AWS services:o S3 o EMR (Concepts) o EC2 (Concepts) o Systems Manager / Parameter Store • Understands JSON Data structures, key value pair.• Working knowledge of Code Repositories such as GIT, Win CVS, SVN. • Workflow management tools such as Apache Airflow, Automic/Appworx • JiraMinimum Qualifications • Bachelor's degree or equivalent• 2-4 Years' experience • Excellent verbal & written communications skills• Self-Starter, highly motivated • Analytical mindset 

