
INTRACOM TELECOM is a global telecommunication systems and solutions vendor operating for over 40 years in the market. The company innovates in the wireless access and transmission field, offers a competitive telco software solutions portfolio and combines its offerings with a complete range of professional services. Our mission is to shape the future through technology and we recognize that human capital is the key factor to achieve this in today's business environment. Our company's highly specialized and experienced personnel are pivotal to achieving demanding objectives and advancing the capabilities of the company to better serve its customers.  Within this framework, we are looking for an experienced Big Data Solution Architect to join our Data Analytics team. As a Big Data Solution Architect, you will be responsible for designing and implementing large-scale, high-performance data solutions that meet the needs of our clients. Responsibilities: Work with clients in multiple industries including Telco, Finance, Utilities and Retail to understand their business requirements and design solutions that meet their needs Design large-scale, high-performance data solutions using Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, MinIO, Trino and Kafka Design data integration, storage, and retrieval solutions that meet performance and scalability requirements and coordinate development with teams of Data Engineers. Work with data scientists and analysts to build data pipelines and models for analysis and reporting Collaborate with infrastructure and DevOps teams to ensure data solutions are deployed and managed in a scalable and reliable manner Stay up-to-date with the latest Big Data technologies and trends and recommend new solutions and approaches to clients RequirementsBachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field At least 5 years of experience as a Big Data Solution Architect Strong experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, and Kafka Experience designing and implementing large-scale data solutions Experience with data integration, storage, and retrieval solutions Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and data visualization Strong understanding of cloud-based infrastructure and deployment models Strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively with clients and cross-functional teams If you have a passion for solving complex data problems and enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. BenefitsINTRACOM TELECOM provides an excellent working environment which encourages team spirit, cooperation and continuous learning, in which the career prospects depend on each employee’s performance. Remuneration is competitive and aligned with the company’s credo “our competitive advantage is our human capital”. Further, the facility of a company bus is convenient for every employee. Education and continuous personal improvement constitute major priorities for the company to keep abreast with the technology evolution and maintain the high growth rate and its strategic position. Our company applies policies for equal opportunities irrespective of caste, national origin, religion, disability, gender, sexual orientation, union membership, political affiliation or age.

