
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking a highly motivated and driven postdoctoral appointee to join a multidisciplinary team to stand up a multiscale effort for predicting metallic microstructure evolution and mechanical failures in extreme environments. Well-matched candidates would be creative problem solvers with fundamental knowledge spanning elements of uncertainty quantification, machine learning and materials modeling, and with experience in scientific computing, evidenced by publications and codes. The work involves the development of effective supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms to enable large scale studies of phase field and polycrystal structure evolution. The work will be carried out primarily under the supervision of Cosmin Safta and Habib Najm and will include close collaborations with scientists at other national labs and universities who are involved in the project.
Applicants on this requisition may be interviewed by multiple organizations at Sandia National Laboratories.
Qualifications We Require:
+ PhD in a field of physical sciences, applied mathematics, or engineering conferred within five years prior to employment
+ Knowledge and expertise in machine learning and/or uncertainty quantification
+ Knowledge and expertise in computational science and software development
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Experience using pioneering machine learning tools in the physical sciences
+ Experience with reduced order modeling and/or latent space representations
+ Knowledge and expertise in C++ and Python
+ Experience in performing collaborative research
+ Excellent interpersonal skills
About Our Team:
Sandia/California's research group is a diverse multidisciplinary community of scientists and engineers who specialize in computational modeling of a variety of science and engineering topics. The work mix includes theory and modeling, scientific and high-performance computing, and applied engineering analysis of experiments and mechanical designs. The modeling and simulation group plays two primary roles in science-based engineering at Sandia:
+ developing new computational methods, capabilities and tools to describe chemical and physical systems; and (2) performing computational analysis to predict the design performance of engineered systems in defense, energy, and industry applications.
The Plasma & Reacting Flow Science department primarily works on projects funded by the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science to address needs surrounding both high temperature and low temperature plasma phenomena, combusting flows, reacting gas-solid interfaces, uncertainty quantification (UQ), and related topics such as scientific machine learning. We operate state-of-the-art experimental laboratories, conduct work at the DIII-D tokamak reactor, and apply both local computer clusters and the DOE Leadership Class supercomputers to conduct massively parallel simulations.
The mission of the Quantitative Modeling & Analysis department is to conduct R&D and systems engineering in computer science and engineering across the technical spectrum from data to decision making. Research is ongoing to enhance predictive modeling in a variety of domains. The department has expertise in computer science, software development, and applied mathematics. Primary research areas include uncertainty quantification, optimization, inference modeling, data assimilation, and algorithm development. Primary application development work focuses on verification, validation and uncertainty quantification of complex problems. We develop tools that address specific analysis steps, as well as integrating those tools in a productive workflow.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
Bidder Eligibility:
This postdoctoral position is a temporary position for up to one year, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to five additional years. The PhD must have been conferred within five years prior to employment. Individuals in postdoctoral positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance. 
Employees must remain in their current position for one year before applying for a new position, with the exception of student interns. Application of this requirement will not supersede collective bargaining agreements. See collective bargaining labor agreements for represented bidder eligibility requirements for represented employees.
 Job ID: 688365    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Design / Development Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Chemicals                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Mechanical Codes and Standards                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

