
Company DescriptionSia Partners is a next generation management consulting firm and pioneer of Consulting 4.0. We offer a unique blend of AI and design capabilities, augmenting traditional consulting to deliver exceptional value to our clients. With 2,200 consultants in 18 countries and expertise in more than 30 sectors and services, we optimize client projects worldwide. Through our Consulting for Good approach, we strive for next-level impact by developing innovative CSR solutions for our clients, making sustainability a lever for profitable transformation.   Sia Partners NetherlandsIn 2009 the office in Amsterdam was opened, which is now situated at the 28th floor of the Rembrandt Tower with a great view on the city of Amsterdam. We focus on the following sectors: Energy & Utilities, Financial Services, Marketing & Customer Experience, Data Science and  HR, Transformation & Change. The Dutch team is experiencing strong growth and has now built up an impressive client portfolio, supported by and cooperating with colleagues from our international offices. Sia Partners Netherlands employs approximately 55 consultants.Job DescriptionThe Amsterdam Data Science team, currently 8 data scientists/engineers, is young, diverse and growing. As we are still relatively small you will be in the driver seat to shape its future. We have a flat structure and value the entrepreneurial spirit of our members: initiative is highly encouraged. We are also striving for well-being, diversity and knowledge-sharing inside the team, so that we all grow. We want to expand our capabilities in the risk domain and are currently looking for at least 3 new risk data scientists to join our team. As a risk data scientist you will be working on various client projects as well as on building our own Sia AI solutions, together with our French Data Engineering team and the Financial Services business units of Sia Partners Global. You perform complex analyses, build or improve risk models, identify business needs and create relevant solutions and action plans. You work on structural solutions for our clients and to that end you ensure that your work is understandable, well documented and reusable. If there are any commercial opportunities within your expertise, you notice and develop these together with the team.Since you are the expert in the field of Risk, you take initiative and are not afraid to guide other consultants from your team in achieving deliverables and facilitate personal development. You will actively participate in knowledge sharing, code reviews and deep dives to develop the ambitious team that you are part of.QualificationsYou hold a Master’s Degree with a strong quantitative component (e.g. Econometrics, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Finance)You have 1-3 years of relevant experience in the financial services sector (e.g. credit risk, portfolio management, assessing regulations, trading strategies)You have deep understanding of modelling techniques used within the risk domain and are capable to communicate and explain your knowledge to different audiencesYou are a true problem solver, you turn complex issues into simple business understandable solutionsYou have excellent interpersonal and team working skillsStrong coding skills in at least Python, other programming languages are a plusGood experience with database management languages (e.g., SQL, PostgreSQL)Consulting experience is a plus.Proficiency with unix-based command line and DevOps tools (Git, Docker, Kubernetes), big data technologies(Spark, Hadoop, Databricks) and in cloud-based infrastructures (AWS/ GCP/ Azure) is a very strong plusExcellent English verbal and written skills are required, other languages are considered, especially Dutch, are a plusWhat do we offer?Competitive salary with great extra advantages such as, a clear and structured yearly salary increase and yearly bonuses.Flexible transport options that match your personal needs.Training plan to develop yourself as an expert in your discipline.You have the opportunity to work from home, with the client or from our inspiring office in Amsterdam.Working in an international environment creates opportunities to share knowledge and work together on international projects with colleagues all over the world.Additional InformationSia Partners is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment, including hiring, promotion, remuneration, or discipline, are based solely on performance, competence, conduct, or business needs. 

