
Company DescriptionAt Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.Job DescriptionEnsure inspection program are meeting quality out going requirement.Create program for new product SKU Final Visual inspection recipe.Improve Visual inspection false call and programming fine tuning to mitigate line trigger due to programming.Drive final inspection program standardization, inspection recipe management Build visual inspection library and capabilities.Support and train shift teach for false call and programming trouble shoot in the line. QualificationsDegree/ Master in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering or any Engineering related.Minimum with 5 years experience visual inspection process, programing or program management.Able to review product spec requirement and mechanical visual inspection.Have experience in data analytics.Additional InformationWestern Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.NOTICE TO CANDIDATES: Western Digital has received reports of scams where a payment is requested on Western Digital’s behalf as a condition for receiving an offer of employment. Please be aware that Western Digital and its subsidiaries will never request payment as a condition for applying for a position or receiving an offer of employment. Should you encounter any such requests, please report it immediately to compliance@wdc.com.

