
Who we are:We are a bunch of people who really care about agriculture, food and the challenges facing farming. We want to help farmers with data driven decision making to help nature feed a growing population. Join our team of expert engineers, agronomists, entomologists, crop researchers, and data scientists who are continually conducting research to help drive innovation in agriculture.Semios is a market leader in leveraging the internet-of-things (IoT) and big data to improve the sustainability and profitability of specialty crops. With 500 million data points being reported by our sensors every day, we leverage our big data analytics, such as in-depth pest and disease modeling, to empower tree fruit and tree nut growers with decision-making tools to minimize resources and risks. We are in a high growth phase with 2021 seeing us expand into Italy, Australia and Spain.Our innovative work has received several industry awards: AgTech Breakthrough Awards Program (2021) – Selected as winner of the "Pest Management Solutions of the Year" award.  Sustainability Changemaker by SDTC (2022) - Named as one of the companies which recognize homegrown innovation in sustainable technologies in Canada.  Google Accelerator (2020) – Selected as 1 of 9 companies for the inaugural Google for Startups Accelerator Canada cohort, who are all using technology to solve complex challenges. One of our partners produced this short video which shows what we do and our positive environmental impact.We know our journey is only achievable by having a great team who shares ideas, tries new things and learns as we go. Who you are: Motivated by meaningful work, you are looking for more than just a job; you want to work for a dynamic, growing company that finds solutions to real-life problems, such as helping the world reduce the use of pesticides and helping nature feed a growing population. Your ideal work environment includes a collaborative team spirit with the opportunity to learn and grow as you take the initiative to try new things.Computer Science or Engineering student looking for:a challenging 4 or 8 month work term starting May 2022 a fast paced environment lots of opportunity for hands on experience  What you will do:Data Quality Specialist carries out daily monitoring of Semios devices and networks performance, works closely with Field Services, Engineering, Customer Support and Manufacturing teams to assess the quality of delivered products. Data Quality Specialist will be the champion for customer-facing device quality. They will become familiar with all device data sources, provide reports for quality monitoring and at a high level use this knowledge to develop processes/reports for isolating potential issues to be fixed and ultimately improving customer satisfaction. There will also be quality initiative activities such as First Article Inspection where incoming production units are checked against a criteria to ensure quality and consistency during production.Proactively monitor, assess and communicate challenges on device performance in the field. Our customers are counting on you! Work closely with engineering, field services and network support to see, triage and address device design or implementation problems in the field. Understand and own device-level quality monitoring, make reports of key performance indicators. Collect and compile data and compiling reports to direct product quality improvements. Automate reporting capabilities to streamline (ie. Google Sheets reports). Provides support in root cause analysis to determine issues regarding quality and communicate the findings with relevant stakeholders. Perform hands-on activities such as First Article Inspection.  RequirementsWe want you to succeed, so you will need:Senior engineering or technologist student with some practical experience in data analysis. Experience working with databases and query languages such as SQL and database platforms such as Periscope, Tableau or other data analytics tools. An adaptable self-starter with strong work ethics including attention to details, capable of working independently, as well as building strong cross functional relationships. Ability to manage schedules, meet deadlines, multi-task and maintain routine communications. Strong computer skills and experience working with tools such as spreadsheets. Strong communication, interpersonal, problem solving and decision making abilities. Ability to perform high level inspection/testing of hardware instruments during production season. Flexible schedule and ability to multitask to meet deadlines. Nice to have:Knowledge of IoT and/or wireless networks Experience with environmental or agricultural data Customer Service experience Tech/IT/Call center experience Familiarity with wireless and/or low voltage radio networks BenefitsSleep better knowing you're making the world a better place through more sustainable food production. Opportunity to contribute and make an impact by working on meaningful projects. Work with a team that values fun, laughter, and each other in collaborative and casual work environment Multiple office locations, convenient via transit and bike paths. Flexible work hours Semios welcomes all applicants regardless of race, gender, orientation, sexual identity, economic class, ability, disability, age, religious beliefs or disbeliefs, or status. We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish and we welcome everyone.

