
Do you want to work with a global streaming service that is used by millions of users every day? DAZN is one of the fasting growing online live broadcasting companies in the world and we stream over 40 different sports, from more than 300 different leagues, in over 200 countries.If you are looking to take the next step in your Data and Analytics career, or even just starting out, then join DAZN’s Data Engineering team! Here, you will take technical ownership and put your Engineering skills to use in supporting the development and delivery of our ‘next gen’ Data Platform.  Your TeamAnalytics Engineering builds and maintains DAZN’s Data Model and supports the on-going technical delivery of the Data Engineering team’s outputs. We’re responsible for the sourcing and modelling of DAZN’s core data models, driving our corporate and product analytics, predictive modelling and data exchanges with rights holders and other parties. We also play a key role in mentoring data scientists, analysts and engineers in delivering reliable, timely, and consumable insights for business wide applications. Most of our datasets are stored in Snowflake, modelled with dbt and orchestrated using Airflow in a 100% cloud-based platform, largely using AWS. We work closely with Data and Data Platform engineers who provide the infrastructure we need to deliver data products. Maybe just have this as “We work closely with Data Engineers who provide the infrastructure required to deliver datasets to end users. “
As an Analytics Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to:
Develop and maintain ELT data pipelines. Ensure our ‘Source of Truth’ datasets are stable, accurate, reliable and efficient.  Work with data users to understand their needs and create data products to support them.Grow and improve the quality of our analytics code base.Design and implement testing frameworks to monitor data quality.  Drive continuous performance improvements and efficiency savings within our data stack and wider analytical tooling.  Deliver projects in an agile, scrum-based environment with a highly collaborate, hybrid team.You’ll be set up for success if you have:
Experience coding with SQL for analytics as well as data modellingExperience using cloud-based Data Warehouses (Snowflake, Redshift etc) A good understanding of Data Warehousing concepts and cloud ETL/ELT design patterns (star schemas, de-normalisation, batch vs real-time etc) Comfortable in designing efficient and robust ELT workflows Working knowledge of CI/CD processes A Team Player – approachable, collaborative and flexible, and comfortable working in hybrid teamsEven better if you have:
Experience working with dbt and Airflow Programming experience in PythonExperience working in an agile, scrum-based environment Experience as a data consumer in analytics, data science or BISports fans are the lifeblood of DAZN and the very reason we exist. In order to best serve them, our global workforce must reflect the diversity of sports fans all around the world. We recognize that having the strongest workforce possible means hiring and developing the best people across all races, ethnicities, religions, age groups, sexual orientations, gender identities and all abilities. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment, both inside and outside of our walls, that values equality and diversity - where everyone can contribute at the highest level and their voices can be heard.At DAZN, we bring ambition to life. We are innovators, game-changers and pioneers. So if you want to push boundaries and make an impact, DAZN is the place to be. As part of our team you'll have the opportunity to make your mark and the power to make change happen. We're doing things no-one has done before, giving fans and customers access to sport anytime, anywhere. We're using world-class technology to transform sports and revolutionise the industry and we're not going to stop. If you're ambitious, inventive, brave and supportive, then you're the kind of person who's going to enjoy life at DAZN. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment, both inside and outside of our walls, that values equality and diversity and where everyone can contribute at the highest level and have their voices heard. For us, this means hiring and developing talent across all races, ethnicities, religions, age groups, sexual orientations, gender identities and abilities. We are supported by our talented Employee Resource Group communities: proud@DAZN, women@DAZN, disability@DAZN and ParentZONE. If you’d like to include a cover letter with your application, please feel free to. Please do not feel you need to apply with a photo or disclose any other information that is not related to your professional experience. Our aim is to make our hiring processes as accessible for everyone as possible, including providing adjustments for interviews where we can. We look forward to hearing from you.

