

Location: Bengaluru,Karnataka,India 

Job Title: Data ScientistReporting to: Data Science ManagerLocation: India (Remote)Job Summary : The data science team is responsible for solving business problems with complex data. Data complexity could be characterized in terms of volume, dimensionality, and multiple touchpoints/sources. We understand the data, ask fundamental-firstprincipal questions, apply our analytical and machine learning skills to solve the problem in the best way possible. We are also encouraged to participate in competitions like Kaggle.Our ideal candidate: We are looking for a junior data scientist who has a deep interest in theoretical and applied machine learning and loves working in a fast-paced environment. He/she should have 1-3 years’ work experience in predictive analytics/forecasting space and have solved real-world problems. Candidates with experience in transactional anomaly prediction, operational risk modeling would be given preference. The role would be a client facing one, hence good communication skills are a must. The candidate should have the ability to communicate complex models and analysis in a clear and precise manner.Responsibilities: • Comprehending business problems properly - what to predict, how to build DV, what value addition he/she is bringing to the client, etc.• Understanding and analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets and building features relevant for business.• Understanding the math behind algorithms and choosing one over another.• Understanding approaches like stacking, ensemble and applying them correctly to increase accuracy.Must Have Skills: • Proficiency with Python and the ability to write production-ready codes• Experience with PySpark.• Big data experience. familiarity with Spark, Hadoop, is highly preferred• Familiarity with MySQL/MariaDB or other database like Hive, HBase• Experience with Dashboarding tools is a Plus [Qlik, Tableau, custom dashboard creation etc.] for data visualization and analytics.Good to have skills: • Experience in Scala• Experience creating Data apps.• Client interaction and creating user friendly technical documentation. Compensation & Job Perks: • Opportunity to build AI and Analytics products for Global Markets• Opportunity to innovate, Learn and Grow• Attractive variable compensation package• Flexible working hours - everything is results-oriented•Opportunity to work with an award-winning organization in the hottest space in tech - artificial intelligence and advanced machine learning
Apply to this job

