
WHO WE AREFounded in 2008, Trustly is the global leader in Open Banking Payments, and the U.S. is Trustly’s fastest-growing market. Today we serve 10,000 merchants, connecting them with over 650 million consumers and 7,600 banks in over 30 countries. In 2021, we processed over $20 billion in transaction volume in our global network. Our digital account-to-account platform redefines the speed, simplicity, and security of payments. Consumers pay for purchases by simply signing into their bank accounts, bypassing the card networks, and never leaving a merchant’s site or app – no credit card numbers or separate account setup necessary. With offices in Vitoria, Brazil, Silicon Valley in the US, and global headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden, we are a culturally diverse team.  Across Brazil, we have embraced remote work from home policy. At Trustly, we believe that inclusion and diversity are essential foundations for building a fair and equitable society. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, ancestry, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, or disability status. Our main goal is to provide a fair, welcoming, diverse environment with opportunities for all collaborators. The stages of our selection process take place online and without distinction of any kind.It’s a great time to join Trustly as the Americas team is growing fast. If you thrive in an entrepreneurially-minded, fast-paced, casual, professional, positive, and rewarding work environment, check us out!About the teamThe Analytics Engineering team works in between the Data Engineering team (data ingestion, etc) and the Data Analytics team (KPIs, Dashboards, data analysis, etc). They are responsible for the data cleaning/transformation/ETL process. They transform the raw data into "friendly" data marts (DW, aggregated tables, KPI calculations, fact tables, dimension tables).
What you will do:
Designing, developing, and maintaining business intelligence solutions.Develop ETL / data cleaning processBuild and scale out business functionality in the BI Data WarehouseImplement and automate robust QA/hygiene checks to ensure data quality in data lake is of the highest qualityWork with the team on specific data engineering projects to build, scale, and optimize the Trustly big data environment, including the data lake, AWS infrastructure stack, data warehouse, and automation/visualization toolsDocumentation of data flows, architectural setup, and data modelImplement data governance and documentation.Who you are:
Advanced knowledge in AWS environment (Spark, Athena, Presto, EMR. Airflow)Advanced knowledge in Python, PySpark, and SQLAdvanced data modeling, ETL/data cleaning techniques.Advanced English.Our perks and benefits:
Bradesco health and dental plan, for you and your dependents, with no co-payment cosSulamérica life insurance with differentiated coverageMeal voucher and supermarket voucherHome Office AllowanceGympass - Platform that gives access to spaces for physical activities and online classesTrustly Club - Discount at educational institutions and partner storesMonthly happy hours with iFood couponEnglish Program - Here you have space to develop your English, and you can choose an Online Platform or English Classes in companyExtended maternity and paternity leaveBirthday offFlexible hours/Home Office - our culture is remote-first! You can work in every city in BrazilWelcome Kit - We work with Apple equipment (Macbook Pro, iPhone) and we send many more treats! Spoiler alert: Equipment can be purchased by you according to internal criteria!Annual premium - As a member of our team, you are eligible to receive an annual bonus, at the company's discretion, based on the achievement of our KPIs.Referral Program - If you refer a candidate and we hire the person, you will receive a reward for that!Check out our Brazil Life page on Linkedin for more details about Brazil, our culture, and much more.#LI-Remote #LI-CHERRYNE-TRUSTLYAt Trustly, we embrace and celebrate diversity of all forms and the value it brings to our employees and customers. We are proud and committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and believe an open and inclusive environment enables people to do their best work.  All decisions regarding hiring, advancement, and any other aspects of employment are made solely on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.Want to make a difference in a fast-growing business? Apply now!

