
We seek a talented data engineer, who is passionate about building modern and extraordinary products that can scale. At Northpass, we have an intense focus on pursuing Engineering Excellence and helping push each other to new heights. By joining our team as a Senior Data Engineer, you will collaborate with world-class engineers, product managers, and designers to deliver amazing product experiences to +4M users of our e-learning platform. This is a challenging yet highly rewarding opportunity for anyone who thrives on creating engaging and delightful user experiences that are powered by clean, well-designed code. Ideal candidates have a thirst for growth and a passion for building meaningful products. As a Senior Data Engineer you’ll join our Analytics team to thrive on building robust solutions on top of highly transactional systems.What you own every day: Architecting, designing, and building our new Advanced Analytics product oering;  Implementing data extraction and data sharing capabilities to allow customers to interact  								with their data using native tools;  Building processes and tests to ensure data consistency, integrity, and performance;  Providing appropriate monitoring and alerting are in place for operations;  Establishing security constructs to guarantee data can only be seen by the right users;  Ensuring systems scale according to usage and follow a predictable cost model;  Helping other Engineering teams solve data challenges;  Keeping your skills sharp by staying on top of industry trends and sharing relevant findings  								with the broader Engineering team;  Keep your skills sharp by staying on top of industry trends and sharing relevant findings with  								the broader Engineering team.  RequirementsWhat you need to be successful:Experienced building and operating cloud-based analytics solutions in production; Expert-level data warehousing, data modeling, and data transformation skills; Strong programming and automation skills; Experience building analytics solutions on top of event-driven architectures is preferred; Experience working with serverless data warehousing solutions such as Snowflake is  								preferred; An intrinsic curiosity and desire to always learn more; A passion for data and knowing how to use it to tell a bigger story; You are a self-starter that can identify opportunities and tackle them; True agility, integrating fast to catch all blockers soon; Choosing speed and “good enough” over perfection.  Our Tech Stack: App: React, Ruby on Rails, .NET Core  Languages: Python, JavaScript, Ruby, C#  Platform: AWS, Azure, Docker, Kubernetes, Kafka  Infrastructure Automation: Terraform  Database: PostgreSQL, Redis, Snowflake  Data flow: Airflow, Looker  Build Deploy Pipeline: Github, GH Actions, CircleCI  Monitoring/Debugging: Datadog, Sentry.io  BenefitsNorthpass is committed to providing inspiring and supportive work environments that help us produce outstanding results. Our philosophy is to cultivate ONE cohesive team that embodies all team members at all locations - the US and Poland. Some benefits you can expect are:Comfortable and fancy oce, where you enjoy working, brainstorming, and having great conversations with your coworkers. Open training possibilities to sharpen your skill set and follow the newest tech trends. Company holidays, Christmas holiday break, paid non-performance time. Private medical care in premium standard and open Multisport card. Culture initiatives, and events.  
