
Company DescriptionDynatrace exists to make software work perfectly. Our platform combines broad and deep observability and continuous runtime application security with advanced AIOps to provide answers and intelligent automation from data. This enables innovators to modernize and automate cloud operations, deliver software faster and more securely, and ensure flawless digital experiences. That is why the world’s largest organizations trust Dynatrace® to accelerate digital transformation.Job DescriptionDeliver insightful data-driven reporting projects leveraging Excel and PowerBI.Work with product development, business operations, and marketing to develop actionable insights and recommendations based on data analysis.Uncover data gaps, drive process improvement projects to eliminate data inconsistencies, and define dataset requirements for our data engineering team.Prepare ad hoc reports and analyses in response to stakeholder requests.Propose Go-to-market initiatives based on data insights.Extract and join data from disparate sources using SQL and data analysis techniques to discover business and product insights.Lead and mentor junior data analysts on the team.QualificationsMaster’s degree in IT, economics, or related field.5+ years of experience analyzing data and building complex reports.Strong Excel and SQL skills, working with cloud databases (Snowflake).Advanced experience with data visualization tools such as PowerBI.Experience in R, Python, or other tools for advanced data analysis and transformations (dbt) is a big plus. Experience in an international environment, working with senior stakeholders across departments is a plus.High degree of analytical thinking and problem solving.Detail-oriented and capable of delivering a high level of accuracy.High level of proficiency in English (C2), German skills are an advantage.Proven experience leading and mentoring junior analysts. Additional InformationWhat's in it for you? A one-product software company creating real value for the largest enterprises and millions of end customers globally, striving for a world where software works perfectly. Working with the latest technologies and at the forefront of innovation in tech on scale; but also, in other areas like marketing, design, or research. Working models that offer you the flexibility you need, ranging from full remote options to hybrid ones combining home and in-office work. A team that thinks outside the box, welcomes unconventional ideas, and pushes boundaries.  An environment that fosters innovation, enables creative collaboration, and allows you to grow. A globally unique and tailor-made career development program recognizing your potential, promoting your strengths, and supporting you in achieving your career goals.  A truly international mindset that is being shaped by the diverse personalities, expertise, and backgrounds of our global team. A relocation team that is eager to help you start your journey to a new country, always there to support and by your side. Attractive compensation packages and stock purchase options with numerous benefits and advantages. Compensation and rewards We offer attractive compensation packages and stock purchase options with numerous benefits and advantages.   Due to legal reasons, we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary for this position, which is € 56,000 gross per year based on full-time employment (38.5 h/week). We offer a higher salary in line with qualification and experience.www.dynatrace.com

