
Company DescriptionAt ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.  With more than 7,400+ customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies® 2022. Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow. Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.Job DescriptionAbout Digital Technology We’re not yesterday’s IT department, we're Digital Technology. The world around us keeps changing and so do we. We’re redefining what it means to be IT with a mindset centered on transformation, experience, AI-driven automation, innovation, and growth. We’re all about delivering delightful, secure customer and employee experiences that accelerate ServiceNow’s journey to become the defining enterprise software company of the 21st century. And we love co-creating, using, and highlighting our own products to do it. Ultimately, we strive to make the world work better for our employees and customers—when you work in ServiceNow Digital Technology, you work for them. What you get to do in this role:Gather business intelligence data, analyze data, and develop interactive data visualizations that enable business insights; work with business stakeholders to tease out the best stories to tell from a given datasetBuild scalable analytical framework to monitor data quality and other key use cases supporting analytics organization (Sales Analytics, Finance Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Product, and Talent Analytics)Prepare analytical reports to summarize findings for varied audiences in the companyWork on innovative solutions to enable self-serve capabilities to make data and insights easily accessible to stakeholdersLook for data quality opportunities to promote a data quality mindset across ServiceNowQualifications BA/BS in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Business, or analytical fieldProficiency in PPT, Excel ( Candidate may need to respond to time sensitive requests that involve doing deep data analysis using excel)8+ years of SQL experience and delivering data driven insights complex data processesHands on experience working with SnowflakeDeep experience in data visualization and reporting using open-source libraries/packages and third-party tools (Tableau, PowerBI or similar)Statistical background (Highly desired)Experience in machine learning especially in data quality applications a plusFor positions in California (outside of the Bay Area), we offer a base pay of $106,020 - $180,180 plus equity (when applicable), variable/incentive compensation and benefits. Sales positions generally offer a competitive On Target Earnings (OTE) incentive compensation structure. Please note that the base pay shown is a guideline, and individual total compensation will vary based on factors such as qualifications, skill level, competencies and work location. We also offer health plans, including flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) Plan with company match, ESPP, matching donations, a flexible time away plan and family leave programs.  Compensation is based on the geographic location in which the role is located, and is subject to change based on work location. For individuals who will be working in the Bay Area, there is a pay enhancement for positions located in that geographical area; please contact your recruiter for additional information.Additional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.

