
    
    
What Your Job Will Be Like:
 We are seeking a motivated, high-performing Year-Round Technical Undergraduate intern to join our dynamic team of computer scientists and electrical engineers responsible for designing, managing and deploying ground station environments for various supported programs across the laboratory. 
+   Perform software development activities or system level documentation.   
+  Work with engineering staff to design, modernize and maintain ground station infrastructure 
+  Utilize various test equipment hardware to perform signal analysis and assist with troubleshooting activities 
+  Support GSSE staff with day to day ground station duties 
+  Develop application code / scripts in support of ground station automation activities 
Posting Duration:
 This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time. 
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
 If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.   
 If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date. 
Qualifications We Require:
 You bring the confidence and skills to be eligible for the job by meeting these minimum requirements: 
+  Currently attending and enrolled full time in a related accredited undergraduate program 
+  Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0 
+  Ability to work up to 25 hours per week during the academic year, and up to 40 hours per week during the summer 
+  U.S. citizenship 
Qualifications We Desire:
+  Experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Python, Java, C/C+
+ +  Linux command line experience 
+  Strong interest in RF related systems 
+  Excellent organization and communication skills 
+  Ability to maintain an on-site presence at the Sandia/NM site 
+  Ability to obtain and maintain a DOE L Clearance 
About Our Team:
 The Ground Station Development, Deployment and Data Analytics department is a multidisciplinary engineering team specializing in the capture, dissemination, and processing of satellite data for operational and experimental systems. We have a world-wide network of ground-based processing systems at our disposal and our on-site ground system is leveraged to test new research methods and products prior to customer delivery. Skills and responsibilities within the department include Radio Frequency (RF) engineering, antenna engineering, electronic and mechanical systems, software development - applications and infrastructure, data handling and analysis, device interfaces and control, computing infrastructure management and security, data visualization, and operational systems management. 
About Sandia:
 Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: 
+  Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide 
+  Extraordinary co-workers 
+  Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world 
+  Career advancement and enrichment opportunities 
+  Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home) 
+  Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance* 
 World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification. 
Security Clearance:
 Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE L-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted. 
 Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by the DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment. 
EEO:
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law. 
 Job ID: 688062    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Automotive                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
                    
                        Mechanical Codes and Standards                    

                
                    
                        Environmental                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

