
Prodigy Education is a global leader in game-based learning and is one of the fastest-growing EdTech companies in North America. Our mission is to help every student in the world love learning, motivating millions worldwide via fun, secure and accessible curriculum-aligned gameplay experiences. Visit www.prodigygame.com to learn more.We are looking to hire a Senior Data Engineer to join our Data Group. Our data team is responsible for all aspects of data ingestion, storage, transformation, and analysis using modern tools and environments such as Spark, Airflow, Snowflake, Databricks, Kubernetes, AWS, Terraform. You will be working alongside our development and data science teams to help build and manage all of our data artifacts, systems, and product impacts.
Your Impact
You will contribute to rapidly scaling our data practice to hit our ambitious growth targetsYour abilities will enable our Data Scientists and Product teams to improve our product offeringsThrough collaboration and mentoring, you will help level up your team membersYou will assist in improving our ability to leverage data through ensuring teams have access to the platforms, tools and data sets required to drive understanding and product improvementAbout You
5+ years of experience as a data engineer and comfortable using Python, PySpark and working with public cloud like AWSMaintaining overall Data Infrastructure which includes Airflow on Kubernetes clustersExcited by the challenges that come with a rapidly growing and scaling company, and have thrived in this kind of environmentA strong contributor, with the ability to communicate effectively, set a vision for strong execution and delivery.Coaching and mentorship is your passion - you thrive on seeing your team members grow and develop personally and professionallyNot afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new challenges, and have a love for continuous learningBonus Points
Agile work flow experienceExperience in the educational software spaceA strong passion for educationPrevious experience scaling in a startup environmentCore Technologies 
Platform: AWS, Airflow, Spark (Databricks), DBT, SnowflakeLanguages: Python, PySpark, GoOther: Terraform, Kubernetes, Fivetran, Segment.ioWorking at Prodigy
Why Prodigy?  Here at Prodigy, our employees are the foundation of our organization - an asset that transforms our mission into a reality! For this reason, we offer our employees a Total Rewards Program that is geared towards their financial, physical and mental well-being. Benefits  Employees receive full health benefits from day one! Including separate allocation for mental health. Employee stock options and savings plan$500.00 to create your own work from home set-upWe pride ourselves on constant learning, which is why we offer our employees an annual learning fund of $1200.00Prodigy Savings Program (RRSP, TFSA)We value wellness, so in addition to wellness classes and benefits, we also offer an additional $720.00 fund to all employees Prodigy Perks Flexibility to choose whether you work from home or in-office, based on what works best on any given dayFlexible working hours Monthly “no meeting day” TuesdaysExtended long weekends throughout the year! Want to work from anywhere in the world? We offer 4 weeks of "work from anywhere" per year!Please note: the privacy and security of our users are of the utmost importance to us, and all employees will be expected to act in accordance with Prodigy’s stringent security policies.  Follow us @ProdigyCareers and Instagram to learn more, or visit our website at www.prodigygame.com to view additional benefits and perks and our Culture Blog. #LI-SM1, #LI-HybridCome as you are. We believe the power of our collective potential will transform education. We are building towards a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace to empower and create access and opportunity for all. We welcome applications from people from all underrepresented groups, including (but not limited to) people of any gender, age, or religion, members of the LGBTQIA2+ community, BIPOC and other underrepresented races and nationalities, people with disabilities, veterans, and anyone who may contribute to the further diversification of Prodigy Education. If you feel like you don’t have all the qualifications for this position and are willing to use your initiative to learn the rest, we’d still love for you to apply!We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA). Prodigy Education will provide accommodations to job applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodation, please notify us at jobs@prodigygame.com, and we will work with you to meet your needs.

