
    
    
What Your Job Will Be Like:
 We are seeking a year-round graduate student intern to join our dynamic team!  You will perform experiments studying the electro-thermal instability (ETI) on Sandia’s 1-mega-ampere Mykonos pulsed power machine.  The electro-thermal instability is thought to be the key seed for instability growth on the Magnetized Liner Inertial Fusion (MagLIF) scheme.  We will directly measure ETI growth under conditions with and without mixed magnetic field (Btheta +Bz).  Measurements of spatially and temporally resolved velocity will be measured with photonic doppler velocimetry (PDV).  This richly challenging project will offer abundant publication opportunity.  You will be trained in high-energy-density (HED) plasma physics, emphasizing inertial confinement fusion (ICF) applications.  You will have access to world class experimental facilities and computational capabilities, along with a highly collaborative team of scientists, engineers, and technicians. 
 On any given day, you may be called on to contribute to a subset of the following: 
+  Design, develop, and perform pulsed-power-driven HED experiments 
+  Conceptualize and characterize novel physics targets 
+  Commission new plasma diagnostics, including PDV 
+  Perform data collection, reduction, and analysis 
+  Work individually or in a team 
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Qualifications We Require:
You bring the confidence and skills to be eligible for the job by meeting these minimum requirements:
+ Earned bachelor's degree
+ Currently attending and enrolled full time in an accredited science, engineering, or math graduate program
+ Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0
+ Ability to work up to 30 hours per week during the academic year, and up to 40 hours per week during the summer
+ U.S. citizens, legal permanent residents, asylees or refugees in the U.S. 
Qualifications We Desire:
+  Candidates should be pursuing a graduate degree in Physics, Nuclear Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related fields of study 
+  Experience designing and fielding experiments using pulsed power generators 
+  Experience studying high-energy-density plasmas 
+  Self-motivated, hard-working, detail-oriented and thorough 
+  Ability to work well in a team environment 
+  Ability to regularly work on-site at Sandia NM throughout the year 
+  Remotely located experimental students would be expected to travel to Albuquerque 2-3 times per year to lead experiments on the 1 MA, 100 ns Mykonos driver, and would ideally spend summers onsite. 
+  Experience with the following:  
+  Optical design and fielding optical diagnostics 
+  Gated framing cameras, fast photodiodes, and photomultipliers 
+  Laser Imaging and Laser Safety 
+  MATLAB, PYTHON or similar 
About Our Team:
 The Radiation & Fusion Physics  group is responsible for Radiation and Physics research, specializing in x-ray and neutron source development using pulsed power.  The group is also responsible for stewarding the Z-Beamlet laser facility, which can be fielded on its own or in conjunction with the Z pulsed power facility.  In the area of Inertial Confinement Fusion, scientists conduct experiments on the Z machine, as well as the Z-Beamlet, Omega, Omega-EP, and National Ignition Facility lasers across the country.  In the area of Radiation Physics, scientists conduct experiments on the Z pulsed power facility both to develop new powerful x-ray sources and apply those sources to develop and refine physics models used in stockpile stewardship.  This work is accomplished using advanced experimental, computational, and theoretical tools developed for the high energy density physics regime. 
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 687937    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Aerospace Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Nuclear and Plasma Sciences                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Heat Transfer Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Energy                    

                
                    
                        Materials                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Automotive                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

