
Company DescriptionSince we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together.To solve this problem, we expanded into software and built integrated solutions to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.Job DescriptionSquare is looking for a Data Engineer to join the Seller Customer Success Operations team to help define, develop and manage curated datasets, key business metrics and reporting. You will architect, implement and manage Data Models, pipelines and ETLs that will enable various teams access consistent metrics across the Customer Success ecosystem. You will:Partner with functional leads to understand their data and reporting requirements, and translating them into definitions and technical specifications (PRD)Be responsible for defining, developing and optimizing curated datasets and schemas with standardized metrics and definitions across the the organizationBe responsible for the data migration to new platforms and toolsDevelop, deploy, maintain, and optimize data models, pipelines, ETL jobs and visualizationsProvide comprehensive day-to-day analytics support to partner teams, develop tools and resources to empower data access and self-service so your expertise can be leveraged Model data in Looker or similar visualization tools, to empower data access and self-service resources so your expertise can be leveraged where it is most impactfulWork closely with technical partners in the data platform engineering team on designing and developing robust data structures and highly reliable data pipelinesTroubleshoot technical issues with platforms, performance, data discrepancies, alerts etc.Perform ad hoc analysis, insight requests, and data extractions to resolve critical business and infrastructure issues.QualificationsYou have:2+ years of analytical experience in data engineering, data science, or product / BI analyticsBachelor's degree required, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferredStrong technical intuition and ability to understand complex business systemsKnowledge in data modeling concepts and implementationStrong technical accomplishments in SQL, ETLs and data analysis skillsMySQL, Snowflake, Redshift, or similar data handling experienceHands on experience in processing extremely large data setsExperience with Linux/OSX command line, version control software (git), and general software developmentStrong experience in visualization technologies including Looker, Tableau, or othersFamiliarity with scripting/programming for data mining and modeling is a plusWork experience with Python and Databricks is a plusAdditional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $125,600 - USD $153,600
Zone B: USD $119,300 - USD $145,900
Zone C: USD $113,000 - USD $138,200
Zone D: USD $106,800 - USD $130,600To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

