
At The Data Shed, we've been working with some truly inspiring clients on anything from real-time data integration and data mining to analytics-ready data modelling and insight elicitation with data exploration and Machine Learning. We face new and exciting challenges every day, from ensuring high availability and performance of critical government systems, to understanding and improving complex banking and finance data structures.Our solutions help our customers realise value beyond the boundaries of systems and applications. We collaborate with our customers to build secure, scalable and well-engineered systems that can be relied on. We love data and have made it our mission to build awesome systems that allow our customers to understand and get the most from their data.We are always keen to speak with dedicated, passionate and talented individuals. If you’re a Data Engineer or a Consultant, then please get in touch.We are expanding our Engineering and Consultancy Teams – this should give you an intro to what we’re looking for, however, there is so much more to being a Shedder, if you would like some more information, then please reach out!Data Engineer –Can write code and tests in at least one core language  Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases and/or NoSQL databases Knowledge of at least one Cloud provider such as AWS, Azure or GCP Comfortable working with different data formats, e.g., CSV, JSON and XML Broader knowledge of IT — e.g., Security and Networking Working in an Agile Environment Test-Driven Development and/or Behaviour Driven Development Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) Consultant –Breadth and depth of experience in your areas of expertise and domain, including having built an existing network of contacts across multiple organisations, events, and national/local initiatives. Strong understanding of the sector specific organisational structures, business processes, how to ‘get things done’ and proven experience of making things better. Led or managed technology projects programme or initiatives at a senior management level or acted in a Principal/Architect tech lead capacity. Strategic guidance of multiple business functions, including co-ordination, negotiation, and mediation. Deep understanding of different methodologies for the delivery of technology projects. Data processing platforms (design, build and maintain), for the purpose of real-time or long-term insight and analysis. Public speaking and presentation experience, to audiences of all sizes. Held revenue-generating roles such as sales, account management or consulting. Data analytics (Reporting, data visualisation, statistical analysis, machine learning). All of our roles require the following –Maintain a broad knowledge of the technology landscape helping The Data Shed provide market-leading Assist our clients in enterprise-scale projects utilising best-practice development methodologies, well tested Spend as much time on tests and security as on writing code Work with a team of like-minded, high-calibre engineers to translate user requirements into working Code Working collaboratively across the team Lead definition and maintenance of best practice and standards in development and design principles and process Never make the same mistake twice Make it right and only then make it fast BenefitsWe have a variety of benefits including a company performance-based bonus , an enhanced pension, private healthcare programme, an EAP program, a life assurance scheme, regular socials and and for any additional needs you have, we have a friendly and knowledgeable HR team to support you.LocationWe have a Leeds HQ and a flexible hybrid working policy. Currently, our Shedders are expected to be in the office a minimum of once per fortnight. Travel to client sites may be required from time-to-time, subject to business need.Ready to be a Shedder?We also celebrate each other’s differences and encourage each other to explore new ways of thinking. The result is a diverse set of individuals who come together to create a multi-talented, cohesive organisation. If you think that your uniqueness could make us even stronger, then please get in touch!

