
Company DescriptionDynatrace exists to make the world’s software work perfectly. Our unified software intelligence platform combines broad and deep observability and continuous runtime application security with the most advanced AIOps to provide answers and intelligent automation from data at an enormous scale. This enables innovators to modernize and automate cloud operations, deliver software faster and more securely, and ensure flawless digital experiences. That is why the world’s largest organizations trust Dynatrace® to accelerate digital transformation. We're an equal opportunity employer and embrace all applicants. Dynatrace wants YOU—your diverse background, talents, values, ideas, and expertise. These qualities are what make our global team stronger and more seasoned. We're fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. Job DescriptionContributing to the Insights product roadmap definition and being integral to forming our near-term and long-term data science product strategy.Discovering new product opportunities by combining customer feedback and analysis to identify areas where advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning can solve specific and general needs.Understanding user problems and developing user flows and wireframes to ensure our solution delivers the best user experience.Driving pre-release activities to get early adopter feedback to iterate on solutions.Remaining calm in the chaos as we are pulled in many different directions and need to filter the important from the urgent to move things forward.Taking ownership of outcomes - proactively working through the priorities and dispersed teams, anticipating risks, and developing appropriate mitigation plans.QualificationsExpert in customer needs: understands the target audience and desired goals, is value-driven, and thinks in use cases. Works methodically to drill down into a use case's details and understand its impact on our users and alignment with our product vision.Product management experience, with prior success in setting data science product strategy and executing it based on research, data, and industry trends.Solid technical knowledge to effectively work with data scientists and engineers in assessing technical tradeoffs and risks.Expertise in data democratization and excellent written and verbal communication skills suitable for working with top-level executives, end users, and sales and engineering teams.A "start with the end in mind and work backwards" mindset to help provide clarity of vision and maintain focus in execution.Strong understanding of technology platforms, ideally enterprise software and SaaS solutions.Experience working with Business Intelligence tools like Tableau or Power BI is a plus.
