
WHO ARE WE?
Launch Potato is a digital media company with a portfolio of brands and technologies. As The Discovery and Conversion Company, Launch Potato's mission is to be the most innovative, tech-enabled media company connecting consumers to the world's leading brands.
The company is headquartered in vibrant downtown Delray Beach, Florida, with a unique international team across more than a dozen countries. Launch Potato's success comes from a diverse, energetic culture and high-performing, entrepreneurial team. YOUR ROLE
We need someone like you to lead efforts in transforming enterprise data into actionable insights. Reporting to the Associate Director of Analytics, you will develop a deep understanding of Launch Potato's data to support yield, user acquisition, product, remarketing, and account managers. 
You will become the subject matter expert in at least one vertical, including, but not limited to, insurance, credit cards, and/or SEO. In addition, you will own reporting standardizations, content creation, and ad hoc analysis that will help identify growth opportunities. 
Success in this role will directly impact your ability to earn the team's confidence by delivering insightful, accurate, and actionable data through strategic partnerships within the organization. 
Success will be further determined by your ability to:
Always take into account the advertiser's CAC (Customer Acquisition Costs), page RPS (Revenue Per Session), ROAS (Return on Ad Spend), and funnel/user engagement metrics. Our partners' success directly impacts the continued growth of Launch Potato.    
Develop and follow reporting standardizations within the organization. 
Understand our internal data intricacies and have a significant focus on data accuracy. 
Proactively seek opportunities through complex analysis by joining multiple data sets together.   
Present thoughtful insights to media buyers, yield, remarketing, account management, product teams, and leadership.
Become a subject matter expert in one or more verticals within the organization.  
Data Visualization & Business Intelligence:
Bring visibility and control to the stakeholders in your vertical by building and maintaining dashboards, visualizations, and reporting in our BI tool, Looker. 
Develop and follow standards in how our reporting content is organized.   
Become an SME on our library of Looker Explores specific to your vertical. 
Help improve the quality and accessibility of necessary data points in Looker.
Write complex SQL queries between multiple tables to unleash insights not derived from pre-existing data models.  
Communication & Requirement Gathering: 
Develop a strategic partnership with stakeholders by translating data requests into insightful and data-driven conversations.  
Drive and follow through on initiatives based on opportunities and hypotheses found in the data. 
Work and proactively communicate across all parts of the organization. 
Present your findings to technical and non-technical stakeholders using your strength in written and verbal communication.
Collaborate with data scientists & business intelligence teams to unlock additional insights. 
Business Support: 
Thrive in a collaborative team environment that focuses mainly on data. 
Help design and execute A/B testing analysis based on insights presented to the team. 
Ability to conduct competitor analysis within your vertical. 
Develop a strong understanding of the tools and systems. 
Assist in QA and debugging tasks related to anomalies found in the data. 
Evaluate pricing impacts with variable payout change assumptions. 
Ability to measure the impact of your analysis. 
WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED

5+ years of direct experience as an analyst within a performance marketing business.
Strong focus on data validation and accuracy.  
Complete complex analysis by joining multiple data sets together.
Not afraid to raise questions about data anomalies. 
Strong analytical and quantitative skills to manage highly complex information.
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment.  
Ability to build relationships within the organization through actionable and accurate insights. 
Proficiency in a BI platform, Excel, and SQL. 

Want to make your impact in a profitable, high-growth company? Apply now!
From Day One, we've been committed to having a diverse, inclusive team and culture. We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity company. We value diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

