
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking passionate and motivated scientists working at the intersection of computational materials science, data science, and materials characterization. You will be part of a dedicated team of scientists developing and deploying machine-learning-based and computational materials science capabilities to (i) detect and reveal mechanisms associated with physical and chemical processes occurring during manufacturing of nanostructured materials, (ii) prognose materials behavior, and (iii) use this information to solve the inverse problem of predicting process and aging conditions. These capabilities that are developed are expected to become enduring toolsets for both in-house and visiting researchers at the Center for Integrated Nanotechnologies (CINT) and supporting various projects across the laboratories’ complex.
Qualifications We Require:
+ Possess, or are nearing completion of, a PhD in Applied Mathematics, Computational Sciences, Materials Science & Engineering, Physics, or related field (PhD must be conferred within five years prior to employment)
+ Proven research success, written communication, and presentation skills as evidenced by a record of publication in peer-reviewed journals and external presentations at professional scientific conferences
+ Experience with advanced data analysis techniques and/or computational materials science tools such as molecular dynamics, phase field, etc.
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Familiarity or direct experience with machine learning/artificial intelligence
+ Proven programming skills in Python, Matlab, Mathematica, C++, or similar
+ Experience in PyTorch
+ Experience with image analysis techniques
+ Experience in direct comparison of experimental and modeling data
+ Experience with mechanical, chemical, thermal and/or irradiation properties of materials
+ Interest in developing new analysis techniques
+ Interest in developing capabilities with commercialization potential
+ Interest in collaborative team-based research
+ Able to acquire and maintain a DOE security clearance
About Our Team:
The Nanostructure Physics Department is one of two departments at Sandia that are a part of The Center for Integrated Nanotechnologies (CINT www.cint.lanl.gov). CINT is a Department of Energy/Office of Science Nanoscale Science Research Center operating as a national user facility committed to establishing the scientific principles that govern the design, performance, and integration of nanoscale materials. Through its Core facility at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque and the Gateway facility at Los Alamos National Laboratory, CINT provides users from academia, industry, and government labs, open access to the tools and expertise needed to explore the continuum from scientific discovery to the integration of nanostructures into the micro- and macro world. CINT is an equal partnership between Sandia National Laboratories and Los Alamos National Laboratory.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
Position Information:
This postdoctoral position is a temporary position for up to one year, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to five additional years. The PhD must have been conferred within five years prior to employment.
Individuals in postdoctoral positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance.
 Job ID: 688199    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing / Production                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Materials/Logistics                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Chemicals                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

