
Company DescriptionWorking at Boskalis is about creating new horizons and sustainable solutions. In a world where population growth, an increase of global trade, demand for (new) energy and climate change are driving forces, we challenge you to make your mark in finding innovative and relevant solutions for complex infrastructural and marine projects.
Within a vibrant company culture, you will be working as part of a diverse, international team of experts. We offer you the opportunity to realize your full personal potential and expand your professional career by creating new horizons. Together!Job DescriptionAs a junior data analytics engineer, you will mark your mark being part of the Data Science and Engineering team. This is a small and expert team operating at the interface between data technology and the Boskalis core businesses of dredging and offshore. The team works on three fronts: data analysis for global projects, developing the Boskalis World in-house data platform, and growing our Boskalis Python community.You’ve just graduated or have been working for a couple of years and you are searching for an organisation that works on impactful operations. You want to help and improve these through the algorithms that you build and insights that you deliver. You get excited at the thought of automating the designs of large-scale infrastructure projects and optimizing the utilization of Boskalis’ fleet such as the innovative Bokalift 1 and 2 crane vessels.You’re comfortable with large databases and Python development, testing and packaging. You’re excited to develop on cloud technology platforms like Azure DevOps (or similar) to create products that are fast, robust, secure, scalable, and futureproof. Your background is in the field of engineering, econometrics, mathematics, or computer science.Your responsibilities as a junior data analytics engineerYour main tasks will be:Develop new tools and improve Python packages used by the department and in close collaboration with your colleagues in the business.Create web apps and dashboards to guide operational and department teams with their project activities by combining data streams, algorithms, and visualizations.Design and create fast and scalable API’s for colleagues in the business.Work on our digital twinning platform.We will guide and coach you to work in our development toolchain and the Boskalis business, for you to quickly: Identify new automation and data-driven solutions for the company.Be able to enter a project environment with a good skillset and experience to integrate with the project team to figure out their needs and independently work on solutions.Be a good source of knowledge for colleagues of other departments. Be able to educate, motivate and inspire data solutions.Your qualities You can make your mark as junior data analytics engineer if you have:An MSc (or BSc) degree in engineering, econometrics, mathematics, or computer science.Experience with and enthusiasm for Python programming.Experience with analysis and visualization of geospatial and timeseries data, modelling, and simulation techniques. Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, PySpark or Databricks is an added value.A good command of written and spoken English.Proactiveness and initiative taking will really help you integrate within the team and company.Customer focused and keen on achieving results, understanding the interests of the organization.QualificationsWhat you can expect Career opportunities: We challenge you every day to get better. Together we realize your full personal and professional career by creating development opportunities.Warm welcome: We warmly welcome our new colleagues, so they feel at home as soon as possible. During your online onboarding program, we give you all the ins and outs of Boskalis!Career development: Plenty of opportunities to realize your full potential. Challenge yourself with (online) courses in our Boskalis academy.Extra information Your team: You will be officially part of the Data Science and Engineering team.Where you will work: You will work from our beautiful office in Abu Dhabi.Fulltime/ part- time job: The position of junior data analytics engineer is a fulltime job. Procedure: All you need to do to apply for a job is to complete the online application form and send it to us along with your CV and cover letter. As soon as you have sent your application, you will receive a confirmation email. Depending on the job, we will invite you for two or more interviews via Microsoft Teams or at our office. If both sides are happy to proceed after interviews, we will make you an offer to join Boskalis. After successfully completing all the steps in the procedure, we warmly welcome you to our organization.We strongly invite candidates living in the UAE to apply, as well from outside the country who want to relocate to Abu Dhabi. Additional InformationWant to know more?
We are more than happy to answer your questions about the position of junior data analytics engineer. Please contact Arshad Asharaf, corporate recruiter via our career page.Interested? Please apply before the 15th of March.Disclaimer for recruitment and selection agencies
We do not accept any unsolicited applications or CVs from recruitment- and selection agencies.LI-AASH

