
Company DescriptionIt all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are. Job DescriptionThe BI Team at Cash App enables our teams to make impactful business decisions. Our BI Engineers handle everything from data architecture and modeling to data pipeline tooling and dashboarding. As a Senior BI Engineer at Cash App, you will report to the BI Manager and work with Analysts, Data Scientists, Software Engineers and Product Managers to lay the foundation for analyzing our large, unique dataset. We are an extremely data-driven team - from understanding our customers, managing and operating our business, to informing product development. You will build, curate, document, and manage key datasets and ETLs to increase the impact of the entire team.You will:Create brand new and optimize existing data models for the most widely used Cash App events, entities, and processesStandardize business and product metric definitions in curated and optimized datasetsBuild pipelines out of our data warehouseTeach (and encourage) others to self-serve while building tools that make it simpler and faster for them to do soPromote data, analytics, and data model design best practicesCreate dashboards that help our teams understand the performance of the business and help them make decisionsQualificationsYou have:Background/knowledge in Computer Science, Applied Math, Engineering, Stats, Physics, or a something comparable5+ years of industry experience building complex, scalable ETLs for a variety of different business and product use casesAn interest in advancing Cash App's vision of building products for economic empowerment - this should be something that legitimately excites youTechnologies we use and teach:SQL (MySQL, Snowflake, BigQuery, etc.)Airflow, Looker and TableauPython and JavaAdditional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.Zone A: USD $152,100 - USD $185,900Zone B: USD $144,500 - USD $176,700Zone C: USD $136,900 - USD $167,300Zone D: USD $129,300 - USD $158,100To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

