
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Salary Range:
$101,400 - $201,400
*Salary range is estimated, and actual salary will be determined after consideration of the selected candidate's experience and qualifications, and application of any approved geographic salary differential.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
 Are you passionate about developing innovative applications that support critical national security missions? Join a dynamic team that applies creative solutions to exciting issues for our nation’s security! 
 We are seeking a R&D Computer Scientist to join our creative team developing 24/7 systems of high national consequence comprised of millions of lines of code. We focus on delivering maintainable, high-quality software through proven Agile techniques. We value teamwork and a cohesive, high energy environment enabling our experts to implement rapid solutions to novel problems. 
 On any given day, you may be called on to: 
+  Develop innovative applications for the US Nuclear Detection System 
+  Develop and lead front-end UI/UX efforts and web development activities 
+  Lead the team in reviewing work and brainstorming novel solutions 
+  Engage in projects that pique your interest and support to your professional growth 
+  Lead low technology readiness level projects 
+  Provide technical leadership in defining the direction of the software, using your expertise to recommend innovative solutions 
+  Mentor other team members 
+  Identify new work opportunities for the team 
Qualifications We Require:
Education:
+ Master's degree in a relevant STEM field plus four years of relevant experience;
+ OR a Bachelor's degree in a relevant STEM field plus eight years of relevant experience
Experience with the following:
+ C/C++, Java, or Python
+ Web application development
+ Unix/Linux systems
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a DOE Q clearance.
Qualifications We Desire:
+  Experience with a subset of the following: 
+  UI/UX web development 
+  Cloud technologies 
+  Continuous Improvement/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline 
+  Configuration Management 
+  Orbital mechanics 
+  Containerization (Docker preferred) 
+  Algorithms and machine learning 
+  Multi-threading 
+  Large-scale (1M+ lines of code) systems 
About Our Team:
Department 6361 develops operational monitoring software in supports of the US and International nuclear monitoring and non-proliferation mission. From basic research and development to fully deployed operational data processing and analysis systems, the department specializes in software feature development, geophysics, seismology/infrasound, machine learning, big data analytics, algorithm development and data analysis. This department is currently responsible for the National Data Center Modernization and the design and engineering of systems supporting Proliferation Assessment.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688264    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Materials                    

                
                    
                        Pressure Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Mechanical Codes and Standards                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

