
Data Strategy and Transformation Manager
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where you’re encouraged to #BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. It’s important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table – so we’d love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We bring:
Expertise in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offerings, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
A commitment to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
A focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
 
The Opportunity
Capco’s global Data Practice team of 800+ data practitioners enables financial institutions to become data-driven by helping transform their understanding, management, storage, and use of data to derive value for themselves and their customers.
Our team collaborates with clients to formulate focused, actionable, and effective data strategies that deliver business outcomes in a sustainable fashion. We translate strategy into action – designing, implementing and mobilising innovative data capabilities with a focus on efficiency and scalability, and partnering with leading vendors and industry bodies.
Drawing on our deep domain and business expertise, we architect and engineer modern data platforms and curated data products, with a focus on automation and data management by design. We partner with business, operations, and technology teams to embed and sustain these capabilities in business-as-usual and are leading the design and implementation of next generation data platforms across the industry.
Our clients and peers voted us as the A-Team Best Consultancy in Data Management in 2022, and value our ability to identify and develop top data talent.
Your Role
You’ll be joining Capco’s Data Strategy & Advisory team as a Data Strategy and Transformation Manager. You will use your deep data expertise to pioneer the formulation of focused, actionable and effective data strategies to sustainably deliver business outcomes for our clients.
Our projects vary in their nature, and your responsibilities will differ based on client requirements, but could include:
Scoping, mobilising, and running the delivery of client data strategy and operating model projects, managing and coaching mixed Capco / client teams
Definition of the client’s data strategy, including its vision, objectives, and key results (OKRs)
Managing the definition and mobilisation of client data literacy and culture programmes
Heading up data maturity / capability assessments to provide a clear and objective assessment of client data capability levels
Overseeing the definition of the client’s data Target Operating Model (TOM), including design of processes, roles & responsibilities, and governance to sustain the data strategy in BAU
Directing the definition of data policies, standards and guidelines
Steering the development of the data strategy business case, and shaping strategic roadmaps
Running, structuring, and facilitating interviews and workshops to identify client pain points and their root causes, and linking these to data capabilities (e.g. Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Architecture)
Reviewing existing client data processes, tooling, and governance, and providing recommendations to improve their effectiveness
Being the key advisor of data management solutions as part of data architecture reviews
 
You will also play a key role in developing the Data Strategy & Advisory capability within Capco, which may include:
Managing and running capability offerings or operational areas, in partnership with the Capability, Data Practice and Domain Leads
Developing and sustaining excellent internal and external client and vendor partnerships
Identifying and researching business development opportunities on new or existing clients and directing the development of client proposals and bids
Defining internal / external-facing thought leadership
Developing data methodologies and accelerators to enhance Capco’s delivery capability
Developing and delivering training for Capco and client resources in data methodologies
 
Your Skills and Experience
Most importantly, you’ll have a passion for data. You will bring your track-record in driving data change to enable clients to achieve their business outcomes.
To qualify for the role, you will have most of the following:
A minimum of 5 years’ experience in Data Strategy and / or Data Management
Deep and extensive understanding of Data Strategy, Data Management, and Data Analytics principles, and one or more of several common Data Management methodologies and capability models (e.g. DAMA DMBOK, DCAM, CDMC) and toolsets
Experience structuring and running maturity assessments, eliciting & understanding client strategic aims, pain points, and requirements, and providing actionable recommendations
Extensive experience in documenting current-state processes, roles & responsibilities and governance structures, and designing their target-state
Experience supporting the definition of data strategies, business cases and roadmaps
Proven experience running delivery teams, with an ability to create and sustain a positive and inclusive team environment, even when under pressure and in ambiguous circumstances
Solid experience in project scoping and management
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent stakeholder management skills, with solid experience and comfort working autonomously and in team environments
Extensive experience in simplifying complex concepts, with excellent verbal and written communication skills, including in Microsoft PowerPoint, Word and Excel
Ideally, you will also bring:
A minimum of 5 years’ consulting experience at a top-tier consultancy, or a similar internal change / transformation role within a Financial Services organisation
A background in Financial Services (e.g. banking, insurance, investment management)
Hands-on experience in data management tooling (e.g. Collibra, Solidatus, Talend, Ataccama) and data analytics implementation (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, QlikView or Sense)
A deep understanding of the challenges, opportunities and regulations (e.g. ESG, LIBOR, BCBS-239, CCAR, GDPR, Consumer Duty) facing the Financial Services industry
Up-to-date knowledge of industry best-practices within data management and analytics
Formal certification in data management methodologies or capability models
 
Why Join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:
A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity / adoption / shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
 

