
Deliver scalable production machine learning services to solve liquidity challenges. Build the next generation of payment applications that enable banks to settle cross-border payments through applying data engineering, machine learning, and software engineering. Design and implement tools and processes for the entire machine learning lifecycle, including feature generation, model development, model deployment, model serving, and experimentation. Build platforms and tools to enable scalable, auditable, and maintainable machine learning services at Ripple. Prototype solutions for complex software problems and implement them for on premise, cloud deployments, and use cases. Analyze user needs to engineer software solutions, modify existing software, and improve software performance. Monitor computer applications functioning to ensure specifications are met. Apply technical skills to effectively troubleshoot and thoroughly resolve the root cause of defects. Continuously raise Ripple’s standard of engineering excellence by implementing and driving best practices for coding, testing, and deployment. Communicate and collaborate with other Ripple engineers and applied scientists to bring the benefits of machine learning solutions to our customers and improve Ripple’s products. Telecommuting permitted 100% - may live anywhere in the U.S.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 
Must have a Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field plus 1 year of experience in machine learning engineering.
Of the required experience, must have 1 year of experience in each of the following (which may be gained concurrently): 
Complete software development lifecycle;
Developing on one or more cloud services (such as GCP or AWS);
Translating business requirements into technical requirements to build out modularized software architecture;
Authoring and reviewing software design and code;
Building and improving production quality machine learning models for classification, regression, forecasting or natural language processing problems; 
Post deployment management, debugging and monitoring of machine learning models and data pipelines; and
Software deployment or MLOps concepts in relation to model lifecycle management
Telecommuting permitted 100% - may live anywhere in the U.S.
For positions that will be based in CA, the annual salary range for this position is $174,410 - $175,000. Actual salaries may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicant’s experience and qualifications for the position.
#LI-DNI
WHO WE ARE:
Ripple is doing for value what the internet did for information: enabling its instant and seamless flow around the world. We call this the Internet of Value (IoV). Using blockchain and cryptocurrency technology, Ripple is dedicated to creating powerful gains in financial efficiency, equity and inclusion. In addition, Ripple is developing and enabling the future use cases that will catalyze the new digital economy for governments, businesses and consumers.
Ripple has offices in Bangalore, Dubai, Dublin, London, Miami, Mumbai, New York, Reykjavík, San Francisco, São Paulo, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney, Toronto, and Washington, D.C.
WHAT WE OFFER – The resources and support to be your best at work and beyond:
Do Your Best Work
The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.  A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
Ripple is Flexible First: you have the option to work remotely, from our offices, or a combination of the two within the 11 countries we are located around the world.
Weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team off-sites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!
Take Control of Your Finances
Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Bonus Flexibility Program: Participants in the Corporate Bonus Plan have the option to elect to receive their annual bonus in cash, equity or XRP, or a combination.
100% paid medical and dental and 95% paid vision insurance for employees starting on your first day
401k (with match) 
Commuter benefits
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend
Take Care of Yourself
Twice a quarter R&R days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite & virtual programming
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events
Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.
Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.
 
Please find our UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.

