
Company DescriptionWe’re the world’s leading sports technology company, at the intersection between sports, media, and betting. More than 1,700 sports federations, media outlets, betting operators, and consumer platforms across 120 countries rely on our know-how and technology to boost their business.Job DescriptionOVERVIEW:Make the team that changes the way the world experiences sport.Sportradar is the leading global provider of sports betting and sports entertainment products and services. Since 2001, we have occupied a unique position at the intersection of the sports, media and betting industries; providing sports federations, news media, consumer platforms and sports betting operators with a range of solutions to help grow their business. Managed Trading Services (MTS) is a holistic solution that enables Wagering Operators to future-proof their business by offering services such as risk management and advanced marketing tools. The Operational Account Management Team, (which sits within MTS) performs an important role by acting as the main point of contact between our growing client base and Sportradar. Subsequently, we’re looking for a dedicated, Business Intelligence Analyst for our OAM department who will support our unit by developing interactive analytical applications, scheduled customer reports and ad hoc customer report requests. The Business Intelligence Analyst will also recommend and implement improvements into our reporting processes that will allow us to automate specific requests coming from our client base. THE CHALLENGE:Deliver state-of-the-art data analytics and reporting solutions leveraging our data.Development of data visualizations and reports using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, PowerBI)Periodic reporting: automatic setup and distribution of reportsPresent ideas and solutions to business users and software developers in a clear and understandable way.Propose new, innovative ways of using data to improve our products and servicesParticipate in Data modelling for reporting and analytics.Co-create and deliver an ambitious business intelligence roadmap in close coordination with various business and technical stakeholders in the Sportradar YOUR PROFILE:Demonstrated technical expertise in the following areas: business intelligence tools, design & development of data analytics solutions and reports, querying databases.Prior experience working on projects related to data management and/or business intelligence.The successful candidate will be practiced in hands-on development of software or analytics solutions. Knowledge of VBA beneficial.Comfortable presenting to Senior OAM Management with good verbal and written communication skillsExperience working with Amazon Redshift, Amazon Athena and/or Microsoft SQL Server are a benefit as is knowledge of Qlik View/Qlik Sense, Qlik NPrinting,NB: Must have previous experience working in the sports betting industry. Sportradar is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to encourage diversity within our teams. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to among other things, your background, status, or personal preferences. Additional InformationSportradar is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to encourage diversity within our teams. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to among other things, your background, status, or personal preferences 

