
Company DescriptionFascinated by the future and captivated by technology? Smart, driven and want to make a difference in the world? You’ll fit right in. Join a diverse team at Visa, where your individuality fits right in. We can provide the opportunity to shape the payments experience globally. Together, let’s transform the way the world pays. Think you know us? Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, reliable and secure digital payment network that enables individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. Individuality fuels our brand and our global team — we’re proud to be a talented team of 15,000 individuals with unique backgrounds, perspectives and experiences. We understand that you are much more than your day job. We encourage quality of life outside of the office: whether it’s taking advantage of agile working schedules or our wellness programmes, Visa respects and encourages meaningful work/life balance for everyone. In addition, we offer market-leading compensation and have a fantastic benefits offering. So, if you’re not satisfied with the status quo, we can satisfy your desire to explore new territory, giving you the runway to really make an impact, whilst connecting you with teams around the world in a truly inclusive culture that celebrates our uniqueness. Job DescriptionWhat we expect of you, day to day: The Data Scientist graduate is a key member of the client facing Data Science Lab team in the European region. As a Data Scientist, you will be accountable for the development and delivery of analytics driven strategies and solutions for Visa’s external clients in Europe. In this role, you will work collaboratively with VCA and a multitude of internal functions, their senior leaders and our clients in promoting insights driven culture, creative and cutting edge analytic solutions and best practices to drive business performance with a clear commercial ‘value’ and measurable ‘return’. Half of your day will involve delivering project (coding/working with data) and the other half will be dedicated to discussing data requirements, managing internal and external meetings. Please bear in mind that our workload varies tremendously given each project is very bespoke, sometimes we might be delivering a csv file, another time a predictive machine learning model or segmentation. Whatever the solution is, you will be involved in the end to end process starting from gathering clients requirements all the way to delivering actionable insight enabling our clients to make data driven business decisions. Principal Responsibilities Evangelizes the creative use of data science to solve business problems with external clients  Works with VCA consultants in market to drive data science business development opportunities across key accounts to meet VCA revenue targets Applies data science and predictive techniques that can be used to enhance client profitability across acquisition and retention Works with VCA consultants on conducting VisaNet data analysis on key metrics in order to articulate key issuer P&L opportunities to drive revenue growth for our clients and Visa Create and deliver powerful business-centric insights from data through better visualization and storyboarding Collaborating with the internal and external partners to fully understand business requirements and desired business outcomes  Execution proficiency in handling multiple medium to large data science projects along with rest of the stakeholders in the project team Defining detailed analytic scope and methodology, and creating analytic plans Executing on the analytic plans with appropriate data mining and statistical techniques  Ensuring project delivery within timelines and budget requirements  Ensuring all project documentation is up to date and all projects are reviewed per analytic planEnhancing existing solutions and approaches by promoting new methodology and best practices in data science field  Providing subject matter expertise and quality assurance of complex data science projects Automating processes/codesFamiliarising yourself with new tools/software/techniquesQualificationsWhat we’re after…  Graduate/Post Graduate degree (Masters or Ph.D.) in Quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Computer Science, Economics, or engineering or equivalent experience  Results oriented with strong analytical, consultative and problem-solving skills, with demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor Familiarity with modern distributed systems, including both Hadoop/SQL/MLP and Apache Spark etc.Familiarity with one or more data analytics/programming tools such as R or Python Knowledge of applying predictive modelling and machine learning technique to problems  Ability to communicate with impact and interest in working in a consulting-like environment and client-facing project roles    Preferred Qualifications Relevant degree in data science, computer science, statistics, mathematics or similar fieldExperience with coding (sql/python/R)Passion in processing extremely large data sets. Knowledge of payment network transactional data is a plus  Team oriented, collaborative, diplomatic, and flexible style, with the ability to tailor data driven results to various audience levels  Proven skills in translating analytics output to actionable recommendations and delivery Fluency in English  Additional information Reports to the Director of Data ScienceLondon basedAdditional InformationDiversity & Inclusion Universal acceptance for everyone, everywhere, is not only our brand promise, it’s the foundation of our company culture. We foster a feeling of connectedness in the workplace, support diversity of thought, culture and background, fight for important initiatives like Equal Pay and actively work to eliminate unconscious biases that hold us all back. By leveraging the diverse backgrounds and perspectives of our worldwide teams, Visa is a better place to work and a better business partner to our clients. 

