
				Job Description
 
The GoFundMe team is searching for an exceptional Senior Director of Data Science and Analytics with a passion for data insights and a relentless focus on execution. You will lead our Data Insights team consisting of Data Science and Business Intelligence functions. In this role, you will bring the analytical rigor required to solve complex, ambiguous, and high-visibility business challenges to drive user growth, engagement, and user satisfaction with our platform. You and your team will work cross-functionally with senior leaders from research, product, design, development, marketing, and other teams to help build world-class products by making strategic recommendations via investigative deep-dives and hypothesis-driven insights.
You and your team will be trusted thought partners with our data engineering and machine learning team, collaborating to build a world class data platform to unlock impactful insights to drive customer success and the growth of our business.You will be a good fit if you enjoy digging deep into data, excel in problem-solving, mobilizing execution through cross-functional collaboration and have demonstrated success in managing complex data challenges. This strategic role will report to the SVP of Finance and is located in the Western part of the US.
The Job…
You will manage the structure, priorities, development, and operations of a team of Data Scientists and Business Intelligence Analysts. Additionally, you’ll be tasked with enabling the broader organization to best leverage our data team and data tools.
You and your team will answer a wide range of tactical and strategic questions about our users and overall business performance. You’ll work closely with leaders across the organization to proactively identify and scope their business intelligence and data analysis needs, provide recommendations on the best metrics to measure and watch, and turn data into critical insights that can be used to make sound business decisions.
Coach and mentor a group of team members on day-to-day delivery
In partnership with our data engineering team, you will play a major role in structuring the people, processes, and data structure we need to maximize our data and analytics capabilities.
Identify key metrics and make recommendations that drive decision-making and business prioritization
Define and cultivate best practices in analytics instrumentation and experimentation
Analyze consumer product performance and health, triage issues, and provide recommendations on the best course solution and optimization.
Collaborate with engineering and data engineering on data pipeline requirements to enable feature tracking and resolve complex data and tracking issues
Partner with the executive team and key leaders across product, engineering, marketing, sales, communications, customer care, and business operations to derive actionable insight from the data to help our users be even more successful on our platform.
You…
10+ years of professional experience, including data science, analytics, business intelligence, or comparable fields. Proven track record in building and managing high-performing data science and analytics teams. B.S. in a quantitative field; advanced degrees preferred.
Will lead a Data Science team and a Business Intelligence team and your technical expertise makes you a valuable sounding board and mentor to the current team and future hires. Pride yourself on being a servant leader and have extensive experience as a people manager, coach, and mentor.
Bring a wealth of experience and institutional knowledge from consumer internet businesses.
Experience with data science programming languages such as SQL, R, and/or Python plus data visualization tools such as Looker, and comfortable working with large, complex, and potentially messy datasets.
Understand statistics/machine learning (e.g. hypothesis testing, statistical inference, regression) and experience designing and evaluating complex experiments
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal. Ability to influence cross-functional teams by building successful relationships and partnering across the organizational structure.
Seamlessly package key takeaways from analyses and communicate insights to all levels of the organization. You can easily switch between technical discussions with team members to presenting high-level insights to leadership audiences (and everything in between),
Measured, clear, and concise communication & presentation skills.
Strong project management skills and experience
Action-oriented and solution-driven with the ability to thrive in a fast pace environment
Manage highly confidential information with professionalism and unquestionable integrity
Passion for understanding our customers and their behavior
Excited about GoFundMe’s mission. Ethics, Values, and Inclusion
Why you’ll love it here…
Market competitive pay
Rich healthcare benefits including employer paid premiums for medical/dental/vision (100% for employee only plans and 85% for employee + dependent plans) and employer HSA contributions.
401(k) retirement plan with company matching
Hybrid workplace with fully remote flexibility for many roles
Monetary support for new hire setup, hybrid work & wellbeing, family planning, and commuting expenses
A variety of mental and wellness programs to support employees
Generous paid parental leave and family planning stipend
Supportive time off policies including vacation, sick/mental health days, volunteer days, company holidays, and a floating holiday
Learning & development and recognition programs
Gives Back Program where employees can nominate a fundraiser every week for a donation from the company
Inclusion, diversity, equity, and belonging are vital to our priorities and we continue to evolve our strategy to ensure DEI is embedded in all processes and programs at GoFundMe. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion team is always finding new ways for our company to uphold and represent the experiences of all of the people in our organization.
Employee resource groups
Your work has a real purpose and will help change lives on a global scale.
You’ll be a part of a fun, supportive team that works hard and celebrates accomplishments together.
We live by our core values: consider everything, do the right thing, spread empathy, delight the customer, and give back.
We are a certified Great Place to Work, are growing fast and have incredible opportunities ahead!

                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Senior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
