
				Job Description
 
Job Title: Senior Data Scientist
Experience: 15&plus;
Job DescriptionProvide Data Analytics & Visualization solutions/support in line with the identified needs and expectations of Analytics & Insights practice.
Responsibilities
As a Senior Data Scientist, understands the client requirements for data science and AI/Client opportunities.
Applies data science acumen to architect end-to-end data science solutions that best fits the client needs.
Understands and considers all pertinent options in terms of data science and AI/Client algorithms, frameworks, solutions, and tools to utilize in architecting solutions.
Reviews proposals, develops PoCs, and performs data analysis as per project needs.
Provide data science resource and effort estimates as per requirements of projects.
Provide oversight to data science solution implementation, with ability to guide a team of data scientists on projects and be hands-on if needed.
Build data science and AI/Client solution frameworks, utilities, templates, and other demonstrable assets based on industry demand and client opportunities.
Ability to see the big picture and provide suggestions/ guidance for additional data science opportunities related to the problem at hand.
Foster a culture of engagement and growth in Data science practice through continuous learning, sharing ideas, adopting data science process improvements, and industry trends and best practices.
Qualifications
Skill Profile
At least 12-15 years of experience as a Senior Data Scientist in in at least one of the following industries/verticals:
Healthcare
Telecom
Manufacturing
Hi-Tech
Must have executed at least 3 large programs based on data sciences, with multiple teams to construct an integrated enterprise level solution with automation.
Excellent understanding of the end-to-end data science process.
Experience with descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics.
Proficiency with AI/Client techniques with hands-on model building and solutioning experience using algorithms (Regression, Logistic Regression, SVM, Random Forest, Decision Trees, K-Means, Naive Bayes, Clustering, etc.), and Deep Learning (CNN, RNN, GRU, Beam Search etc.), NLP, NLG.
Well versed with at least one of the two programming languages – Python or R
Experience with programming packages like Scikit, Keras, Pandas, Numpy etc.
Experience with one or more visualization tools Tableau, Power BI, Spotfire, or Qlik.
Experience with packages like Matplotlib, Seaborn, D3.js, GGplot etc.
Proficiency in using SQL and additionally one of Hive or Pig would be helpful.
Experience with one or more NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Cassandra, or HBase. Experience with unstructured file formats like JSON.
Familiarity with Elasticsearch and Kibana is a plus
Experience developing apps, dashboards, reports for data performance and utilization using data visualization tools (PowerBI, Tableau, Splunk. Etc.)
Customer engagement with strong communication, presentation, and articulation skills.
Team player with ability to work in a dynamic environment.
Educational Background
Bachelor’s in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science/ Engineering or equivalent.
Master’s in Predictive Analytics or Data Science from an accredited US university.

                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Senior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
