About the job
Job Description SYNERGISTICIT wants every candidate to know that the Job Market is Challenging and that to stand out you need to have exceptional skills and technologies that's where we come in to make sure you get the attention that you need

We are looking for Jobseekers wanting to file H1b visa

Position open to all visas and US citizens

We at Synergisticit understand the problem of the mismatch between employer's requirements and Employee skills and that's why since 2010 we have helped thousands of candidates get jobs at technology clients like apple, google, Paypal, western union, Client, visa, Walmart labs, etc to name a few.

We have an excellent reputation with the clients. Currently, We are looking for entry-level Python developers, and Data analysts/ Data Scientists.

We welcome candidates with all visas and citizens to apply.

We assist in filing for STEM extension and also for H1b and Green card filing to Candidates looking to upskill/enhance their IT skills.

Candidates who are serious about their future in the IT Industry and have set big goals for themselves.

Candidates having difficulty in finding jobs or cracking interviews or who want to improve their skill portfolio. We also offer Skill enhancement programs if the candidates are missing skills or experience which our clients need with great outcomes

Candidates can benefit from skill enhancement if they fall into the below categories. If they are qualified with enough skills then no need for skill enhancement

We are looking for Jobseekers wanting to file H1b visa

Position open to all visas and US citizens

Candidates Who Lack Experience

Have had a break in careers

Lack Technical Competency

Different visa candidates who want to get employed and settle down in the USA

please also check the below links

https://www.synergisticit.com/candidate-outcomes/

https://www.synergisticit.com/java-track/

https://www.synergisticit.com/data-science-track/

https://www.synergisticit.com/blog/

Required Skills

Bachelor's degree or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems, IT
Highly motivated, self-learner, and technically inquisitive
Knowledge of Statistics, Python, and data visualization tools
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Preferred skills: NLP, Text mining, Tableau, Time series analysis

Please understand skills are required by clients for selection even if it's a Junior or entry-level position the additional skills are the only way a candidate can be picked by clients.

No third-party candidates or c2c candidates

To apply for this position, please apply to the posting

No phone calls please . Shortlisted candidates would be reached out
