About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreSr. Healthcare Data Analyst- Jorie

Oak Brook, IL Hybrid remote

Full Job Description

The Senior Data Analyst is a new and very visible role within the Data Management team at this high-growth healthcare company. This position serves as a key resource within the Corporation to develop corporate data structures, and design efficient analytics, high-impact user interfaces and responsible oversight of corporate data. Position will be a liaison to the corporate Sales, Operations, Finance and Compliance teams to build standards and support the team commitments to being a data-driven organization. Successful candidate will deliver reporting & analytical solutions that help measure, improve, and predict the business trends, business value and risks across the enterprise.

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, MIS or other quantitative field 3-5+ years of experience working on reporting, data mining, statistics or analytical projects in a professional setting
Proficiency with SQL
Experience extracting and integrating data from external and internal data lakes and data warehouses
Expertise with reporting tools such as PowerBI, BusinessObjects, or Tableau Expertise with a scripting language such as Python or R Exposure to ML/AI project work
Demonstrated skill with communicating complex concepts to colleagues with varying degrees of analytical knowledge
Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skill
Desire to work in a fast-growing environment with strong time management skills
Strong preference for healthcare industry and data analytics experience

Responsibilities

Develop/refine corporate data structures and rules to include a variety of data sources and data aggregation requirements
Contribute to design of efficient and effective standard client and corporate reporting and dashboards that can be readily replicated on a timely basis.
Determine best methods to model, manipulate and present data to identify Compliance Risk. Use advanced analytical techniques to generate regulatory/risk insights that inform the Bank risk profile at an enterprise level.
Incorporate performance and data quality considerations into visualization planning and delivery
Understand and anticipate the needs of business teams to determine the best approach to effectively meet those needs through data visualizations
Work closely with business and operations teams, data architects, database/software developers to develop dashboard and end-reporting solutions for our clients and in support of the executive management team
Visualize and calculate metrics, KPIs from various data sources with consideration for integration and data drill-down capabilities required
Deliver on project-based, and ad-hoc, data analysis and reporting requests.

Jorie is different. We do not view our services as a commodity. Instead, we focus on understanding our client's goals and structure a custom set of deliverables around them. Be it improved patient outcomes, physician satisfaction or better margins, we will tailor a solution to meet both your short and long-term objectives. We provide, revenue cycle management, practice management, business process outsourcing and utilization/implementation of our proprietary AI bot technology to our clients.
