
				Job Description
 
Bungie is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to help shape the future of Destiny 2. As part of the Bungie Analytics & Insights team you will join a diverse team of analysts, data scientists, data engineers, and researchers. You will leverage your expertise in data analysis and games to provide designers, engineers, and product managers with actionable insights to make the best game possible. Most importantly, you will work at a fun and energetic company that is devoted to making world-class games.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop relationships with other members of the game development team to understand their data science needs and impactful project opportunities
Perform ad-hoc analyses that inform game decisions being made by the team
Transform raw data and build efficient pipelines to create and support customer facing dashboards and reporting resources
Communicate the results of your analyses to technical and non-technical colleagues
Help build data science frameworks to elevate our ability to build better games
Develop models for predicting and segmenting player behavior
REQUIRED SKILLS
Proven experience as a Data Scientist on a shipped or live product
Advanced SQL skills
Advanced Python or R skills
Experience analyzing large and complex data sets, including working with unstructured data
Experience applying ML models and statistical analysis
Ability to create clear data visualizations for a variety of stakeholders
Ability to effectively communicate technical insights to a non-technical audience
Understanding of data science use cases and data engineering concepts (e.g., modeling, pipelines, warehousing)
Passion for games, game development, and game data
Insatiable curiosity and creative problem solving
Nice-to-have Skills
Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Experience with Tableau or similar data visualization tool
Experience with data warehousing and data engineering
Listed below is this role’s base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to +/- 10% and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees don’t simply do meaningful work – they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits – Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.
Washington State Pay Range
$160,000 — $189,000 USD
Bungie employees in the U.S. also receive:
20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked
International FTE employees receive competitive benefits.
So you don’t meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If you’re interested in this position but your past experience doesn’t line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100% onsite in Bellevue/Seattle, or individuals preferring a hybrid/flex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, MA, MD, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employer/vendor and Bungie. Bungie’s remote policy is subject to change at the company’s discretion.
		                
                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Senior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
