
				Job Description
 
The Data Scientist is responsible for modeling complex clinical and research problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytic skills, this role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large varied datasets, designing specialized database and computing environments, and presenting results. Data Scientists work closely with clients, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into actionable information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions. Core traits include creative thinking, innovative proposals, and expert data mining techniques. They will need to validate their findings using an experimental and iterative approach. In addition, he/she will perform diverse and complex duties in a manner consistent with a dynamic and active biomedical education and research community.
Major Responsibilities
Assist with and co-deliver information systems solutions in alignment with UMass Chan’s strategic and tactical business plans.
Incorporate technology tools where appropriate
Aid with design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models
Perform data analysis and moderately complex design algorithms.
Work with team members to solve client analytic problems and document results/methodologies.
Assist and perform experimental design approaches to validate finding or test hypotheses.
Validate/Verify analysis by comparing appropriate samples.
Use appropriate algorithms to discover patterns in complex datasets
Perform other duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications
Master’s degree in Data Science, Informatics, a related field, or equivalent experience
1-3 years of experience in development and implementation of technologies
Strong interpersonal and communication skills required
Demonstrated ability to provide documentation
Ability to communicate effectively in writing.
Preferred Qualifications
Proven experience with clinical and clinical trial data
Experience working in a scientific research environment
As an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, UMMS recognizes the power of a diverse community and encourages applications from individuals with varied experiences, perspectives and backgrounds.
		                
                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Junior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
