About the job
The Sponsor is responsible for conducting research and investigative activities supporting the office’s and Organizations critical missions. In addition, the office is responsible for ensuring evaluation and discovery of external critical technologies. The Sponsor’s office is responsible for identifying, acquiring and integrating data sources to support discovery programs. The Sponsor requires support specializing in data science and cyber security business integration for a large department consisting of several offices. Priorities will be managed by the Sponsor’s Front Office Portfolio Manager and GTM.

WORK REQUIREMENTS:
The Contractor Team shall provide primary data science support, identifying current data gaps and working to determine how to blend, merge, and integrate various and disparate data sources for a new office that requires interaction with lateral offices within the same Department.
The Contractor Team shall identify new data source requirements, facilitate acquisitions of the data sources, coordinate and implement data integration.
The Contractor Team shall provide technical expertise to identify new opportunities for the Department’s data exploitation.
The Contractor Team shall provide assistance in manipulating data holdings to further investigative mission requirements.
The Contractor Team shall review collected holdings to determine and identify data sources relevant to the Department’s mission that can be integrated into useable, exploitable formats.
The Contractor Team shall be responsible for liaison with offices outside the Department on data integration topics within contractor’s expertise.
The Contractor Team shall be responsible for the appropriate handling of data sources and processes.

Requirements
Demonstrated experience addressing large volumes of new, possibly dis-similar data or concepts.
Demonstrated experience identifying and extracting data from multiple sources
Demonstrated experience managing and transforming structured and unstructured data
Demonstrated experience highlighting key issues and relationships from a base of information
Demonstrated experience prioritizing and scheduling next steps based on an understanding of the stated priorities.
Demonstrated experience communicating orally and in writing to senior or executive level audiences on resource needs relevant to data integration.
Demonstrated on-the-job experience planning and coordinating projects including scheduling of meetings and preparation of briefings or presentations.
Demonstrated on-the-job experience identifying, facilitating acquisitions, coordinating, and implementing necessary process improvements on technical discovery and exploitation.
Demonstrated on-the-job experience in building, designing and refining technical capabilities that support data integration.

Benefits

Essential Network Security (ENS) Solutions, LLC is a service-disabled veteran-owned, highly regarded IT consulting and management firm. ENS consults for the Department of Defense (DoD) and Intelligence Community (IC) providing innovative solutions in the core competency area of Identity, Credential and Access Management (ICAM), Software Development, Cyber and Network Security, System Engineering, Program/Project Management, IT support, Solutions, and Services that yield enduring results. ENS Solutions has been able to maintain a standard of excellence in their relationships while delivering innovative, scalable and collaborative infrastructure to our clients and a culture of growth and work-life balance for our employees.

Why ENS?
Free Medical, Dental and Vision coverage, 100% paid for by ENS
3% 401k Contribution vested immediately on Day 1
3 Weeks PTO base + 11 Paid Federal Holidays
Long & Short Term Disability Insurance
Group Term Life Insurance
Tuition, Certification & Professional Development reimbursement
Workers’ Compensation
