Position: Data Engineer
Location: MN
As a Data Engineer, you will treat data as an asset to design, build, and execute high performance and data centric solutions by using the comprehensive big data capabilities for the company's data platform environment. In this role, you will build and optimize data products to bring data and analytics products and solutions to businesses.
In this role, you will make an impact in the following ways:
Build and operationalize complex data solutions, correct problems, apply transformations, and recommend data cleansing/quality solutions
Leading data collection efforts and performing trend analysis to identify common performance challenges that require further attention
Partner closely with our data scientists to ensure the right data is made available in a timely manner to deliver compelling and insightful solutions
Building out scalable data pipelines and choosing the right tools for the right job. Manage, optimize, and monitor data pipelines
Incorporate core data management competencies including data governance, data security, and data quality
To be successful in this role, you will need the following:
Bachelors in a quantitative field
4+ years of data engineering or equivalent experience
Proficient use of tools, techniques, and manipulation including Cloud platforms, programming languages, and an understanding of software engineering practices
Demonstrated knowledge of relational data sets, structures, and SQL
Familiarity with big data platforms such as Apache Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, etc.
Experience leading data organization, dashboarding, & visualization efforts
Inquisitive, proactive, and interested in learning new tools and techniques
Excellent communication skills
Perks of working with us:
Summer hours (Friday FLEX program): full time employees will be able to participate in our summer flex hours. Participating employees will enjoy a four-hour work day every other Friday (must still work 40 hours)
PIP funds: The company is committed to the continuous improvement and career development of employees. The purpose of the plan is to outline the resources available to support each employee’s career goals and company’s business needs.
Career pathing: we develop a career path that identifies opportunities for advancement based on your unique skills, interests, career objectives, and details the steps needed to take.
A sense of belonging: We are committed to offering a diverse and inclusive workplace
Virtual contests and giveaways plus team building activities
Book Club
Longevity Inc. prohibits discrimination and harassment and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation and gender identity.
Our privacy notice is available at https://longevity.inc/employment-privacy-notice/
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Application Question(s):
Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?
Experience:
Data engineering: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
