Job Description:
The Analytics & Innovation department focuses on solving challenging business
problems and connecting dots across the enterprise to benefit employees, customers
and shareholders.
The team's objective is to make analytics accessible, available, fast, repeatable, and
scalable. We partner with a variety of business units (e.g., Airport Operations, Technical
Operations, Network Planning, Revenue Management, Crew, Catering, Contact Centers,
HR Systems, etc.) to create value through collaborative innovation, transformation,
process improvement, change management, mathematical modeling, statistics, data
science, and research.
The position has both strategic and tactical responsibilities for Data Science. This role
will drive projects in the Data Science space resulting in incremental revenue or
improving efficiency.
Must work with multiple stakeholders leading and managing initiatives that leverage
data, modeling, and predictive analytics to drive total revenue and customer experience.
It is essential to be quantitatively orientated, results-focused, and of a “test-and-learn”
mindset. Individuals with strong communication and interpersonal skills, customer and
loyalty experience, and willingness to take the initiative and ownership will be successful.
Airline experience is not required for this position. This role involves business intuition
and a working knowledge of analytical tools.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for managing the work of a team of a few individuals who design and
implement machine learning models with an orientation to locating opportunities and
delivering value
Foster an environment of continuous learning among your team and community of data
scientists
Hire, train, retain and challenge best-in-class data science and analytics professionals.
Communicate project requirements and modeling outcomes to technical and
non-technical audiences.
Socialize key initiatives with stakeholders
Create and deliver presentations as required
Lead projects ensuring quality, timeliness, and effectiveness of analysis and solutions
Stay aware of emerging data science techniques, technologies, and applications.
Responsible for assuring a high level of technical skills and knowledge within the team
for the following: knowledge of ML/AI toolkits and associated programming (such as
Python etc.), use of ML AWS tools (such as Sagemaker, etc.)
Liaise with Digital Technology and ML Engineering teams to partner on technology
solutions as applicable
Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field
9+ years of relevant experience
7+ years in Data Science/Machine Learning roles
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without
sponsorship
Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification
Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position
Preferred:
Master's degree
A graduate degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related analytical discipline
is strongly preferred
5+ years of experience with an advanced degree (M.S., Ph.D., or equivalent)
At least one year in a supervisory role is strongly
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $75.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Chicago, IL 60603: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
relevant: 9 years (Required)
Data Science Machine Learning: 7 years (Required)
advanced degree: 5 years (Required)
supervisory role: 1 year (Required)
Work Location: One location
