Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 113,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.
About Lingo

Meet Lingo, a new biosensing technology that provides users a window into their body. Lingo tracks key biomarkers – such as glucose, ketones, and lactate – to help people make better decisions about their health and nutrition. Biowearable technology will digitize, decentralize and democratize healthcare, enabling consumers to take control of their own health.
A New Category of Consumer Biowearables: Meet Lingo - YouTube
Abbott and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert B. Ford made CES history, presenting a keynote entitled "Human-Powered Health: Unlocking the Possibility of You" at the most influential tech event in the world. Abbott was the first healthcare company ever to do so. "Technology gives us the power to digitize, decentralize and democratize healthcare, create a shared language between you and your doctor – and put more control of your health in your hands," Mr. Ford said. "We're creating a future that will bring you and your loved ones care that's more personal and precise. It's happening right now. And its potential is no less than incredible."
Lingo extends the Abbott sensing technology platform that Abbott pioneered in 2014 for people with diabetes, allowing people to continuously monitor their glucose levels with a small sensor on the back of the upper arm. Actress and comedian Sherri Shepherd shared live on the CES stage how FreeStyle Libre 2 changed her life, giving her glucose readings, right on her smartphone, unique to her body so she can make healthier decisions.
The Opportunity

Personalized healthcare is the future. Working on Lingo, you will help build a next-generation technology that enables individuals to make decisions about how to improve energy, lose weight or enhance athletic performance. The Lingo team embodies a start-up culture and mindset with the backing of Abbott, a company with a rich history of healthcare innovation. Join us and grow your career as you help Abbott shape the future of healthcare.
You will define and execute the product analytics and data science strategy that ensures our organization makes the best data-driven product decisions at scale. You will partner with the business leaders to drive impact, leading the analytics team and building our analytics capabilities. You will utilize data to achieve strategic objectives and closely monitor industry trends.
What You’ll Do
Build a high-performance Data Science and Analytics team
Mentor new and junior Data Science and Analytics team members and help them succeed
Effectively set expectations and communicate goals/needs to team members to support individual goal setting and performance; assess performance and provide frequent guidance and feedback to facilitate career growth
Define a clear data science and analytics roadmap
Stay abreast of developments at the intersection of data science, technology, and business relevant to the company and drive business innovation through analytics
Design, create, test, and implement complex models and algorithms that drive analytical solutions throughout the organization
Conduct advanced statistical and other analysis to provide actionable insights, identify trends, and measure performance
Collaborate with translators and understands business problems to implement scalable and sustainable solutions
Collaborate with other teams to develop novel ways of meeting objectives utilizing cutting-edge technologies and tools
Effectively communicate the analytics approach and how it will meet and address objectives to business partners

Qualifications / Pivotal Experience & Expertise
12+ years of experience in analytics with 5+ years in managing high-performing teams
Strong understanding of data analytics, structured and unstructured data analysis, predictive modeling techniques, and data visualization as well as a good command of emerging methodologies like artificial intelligence
A recognized thought leader and innovator in the development of new tools, methodologies, and problem-solving approaches
Strong people leader with experience in building and leading large engineering teams, including talent development, recruiting and culture-building
Broad understanding of the latest data science, analytics, and technology trends and their impact on business strategies and operations
Experience engaging cross-functional teams to build a strong data infrastructure
Knowledge related to leading the ideation and design of campaigns across analytics use cases
Cross-functional project leadership experience, including collaboration on an executive level
Outstanding communication skills, particularly in conveying complex technical concepts to clients and team members
Bachelor's degree, ideally in Computer Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, or similar technical disciplines

Apply Now
Participants who complete a short wellness assessment qualify for FREE coverage in our HIP PPO medical plan. Free coverage applies in the next calendar year.
Learn more about our health and wellness benefits, which provide the security to help you and your family live full lives: www.abbottbenefits.com
Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that can help you build your future and live your best life. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity.

Connect with us at www.abbott.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Abbott and on Twitter @AbbottNews and @AbbottGlobal
