POSITION: Director of CRM & Data Analytics
LOCATION: New York
HOURS: Full Time
COMPENSATION: $130K - $140K per Annum

CRM VISION:
ATG will tailor each interaction with every customer to enhance their experience and earn their lifetime loyalty

COMMERCIAL OBJECTIVES
Migrate all venues to one CRM System, delivering significant savings in platform overheads
Replicate the UK FY24 $3m CRM incremental EBITDA target in the US through leveraging the enhanced data and automation tools

NUMBER OF REPORTS
Direct: 2 (CRM Manager in place and Data Analyst, to be recruited)
Indirect (venues): 14 CRM executives across 16 North American venues

KEY RESPONIBILITIES:
Responsible for maximizing the value we derive from our data and CRM.
To own and evolve a strategy with the venue marketing and central expert teams to best utilize the new capabilities, identify opportunities, fill gaps, and continue to develop our audience insight and marketing effectiveness
Implement a testing and reporting discipline to continuously improve or CRM performance
Collaborate with central team data science, insight and CRM teams to employ insight, segmentations and models to improve personalization and targeting of CRM whilst keeping our keeping our customers fully engaged
Work on a daily basis with venue marketing teams to enable them to fully utilize the tools at their disposal, optimize the value created through their CRM and develop their audience and market understanding
Improve the CRM lifecycle and reduce churn by developing panoramic views of our customers and working with our digital and CRM teams to develop and test propositions and journeys.
Bring together data to constantly improve our understanding of our customers, modelling the impact of deploying various strategies and building the case for additional investment where required
Collaborate across the business to make Customer Insight core to decision making
Be an active part of our global CRM, Data and Insight community as we build new capability and realize synergies across disciplines

CANDIDATE PROFILE:
Essential
A track record of improving the value created through Data and CRM
Demonstrated ability to influence and drive change throughout the organization
A collaborative approach with the ability to work across and influence multiple stakeholders
Experience of working with Data Science and CRM teams to implement personalization and automation strategies
Very strong analytical skills with ability to ‘make sense’ of data from disparate sources
Familiar with communicating and collaborating with technical and non-technical colleagues and stakeholders
Customer obsessed

Desirable
Data visualization and storytelling skills
Python skills.

BENEFITS
401k, competitive healthcare,

Nothing beats the energy and excitement of a great live performance. That’s why our mission is to bring the very best in music, theater, comedy, and more, to the largest possible number of people. Since 1992, we’ve grown to be a world leader in live entertainment. 10 million people a year attend live performances at one of our 50 iconic venues across North America, the United Kingdom and Germany. That number keeps growing. We partner with the world’s top creative talent and present critically acclaimed productions which have won more than 80 Tony and Olivier Awards over the years. We also operate some of the world’s most popular theatre ticketing sites, with 11 million and counting customers getting their tickets directly from us.
People are at the heart of our success. Our core values - Passionate, Smart, Collaborative and Ambitious – are about our people. Thousands of people work for ATG worldwide and it’s their passion and commitment that allows us to create great live entertainment experiences.
Learn more about ATG, visit www.atg.co.uk/

ATG’s Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, & Access Mission Statement

A Stage for Everyone
Our stages are a platform for compelling stories – stories that are for all, by all, and of all. We shine our spotlight on our differences and believe that understanding and celebrating these differences makes us better global citizens. We are passionate about the pursuit of true diversity and equality. We strive to make our venues beacons of these ideals in our communities. Onstage and off, we hold ourselves accountable for nurturing an inclusive culture, one in which everyone can bring their authentic selves. At ATG, we provide a stage for everyone.
