Our client’s product helps surface a range of harmful online behaviors at the point of hire to protect businesses, reduce workplace toxicity, and reinvent organizations around a human focus—all with the use of software that automates your talent screening workflow in a compliant fashion.
Our client created this product for AI-powered candidate screening solutions. They are helping businesses build an employee base that is rich in diversity that are more likely to unlock breakthroughs.
Who you are
You're a talented research scientist interested in innovation in Machine Learning, especially Natural Language Processing and Video Processing. You're curious and love problem-solving. You like building end-to-end products that have a focus on ethics and reliability. You enjoy challenging projects that require much research.
Responsibilities
Perform research to advance the state-of-the-art and solve specific problems at scale in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning.
Maintain our distillation model pipeline and make sure that we maintain an improvement in models’ performance within our product.
Communicate with departments to understand data requirements and plan new projects.
Excel at placing a human-centered focus on the work (context, end-user impact, etc.), finding solutions that work in practice and have a significant effect.
Research and design models to extract a range of features from video, from toxic behavior monitoring to topics that might represent an individual’s values.
Work closely with a diverse, interdisciplinary team to deliver value to customers through existing and new products.
Minimum Qualifications
Master’s degree or above in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, statistics, or other relevant majors with relevant publications in your field.
At least three years of experience in software development or Data Science
Solid engineering skills with proficiency in at least Python, SQL, and R.
Proficiency with data mining and machine learning. You have a deep understanding of and experience in modern machine learning theories, Transformers, and Large Language models.
Experience using AWS Data stack: Glue, SageMaker, Quicksight, Snowflake, and DBT.
You can think critically, objectively, and rationally.
You can reason and communicate in a results-oriented, data-driven manner with high autonomy.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $185,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Remote
