Our mission: eliminating every barrier to mental health.
Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person — whether that's meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond.
Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like General Mills, Guardian, Bain, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over $300 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, Rethink Impact, Work-Bench, William K Warren Foundation, SemperVirens, Able Partners, True Capital Ventures, and a strategic investor, Guardian Life Insurance. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached $2 billion.
Hypergrowth meets impact
What to expect working here:
You will be held accountable to an exceptionally high bar and impact.
This may be the fastest work environment you will ever experience in terms of growth, decision-making, and time to impact.
You will be challenged to set and protect your own boundaries.
You will create processes and products that have never existed before.
You will have very direct conversations and receive continuous feedback to push you to become the highest performer you can be..
Change is a constant here: your role, team, responsibilities, and success metrics will shift as we become the highest performing and mentally healthiest workplace in the world.
And…
You get to be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in the field.
You get to learn and grow at an extremely accelerated pace.
You will experience transparency, integrity, and humility from leadership.
You will be empowered to constantly challenge the status quo.
You get to create an environment that invites experimentation and innovation.
You get to make a transformational impact for the company, mental health, and for real human lives — and you will see that impact quickly.
You get to be part of a winning team that opens doors in the future.
You will be incredibly rewarded by your growth.
You will become more resourceful and resilient.
Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values
Our privacy policy: https://springhealth.com/privacy-policy/
We are looking for an exceptional hands-on data science leader to drive the analytics vision and roadmap for our Caregiver Experience team. This cross functional product team is focussed on building out tools and workflows to support the entire Spring Health Care team in the delivery and coordination of world class virtual and in-person mental health care. This is an exciting opportunity to design and implement innovative data products that will ensure a high quality caregiver and member experience as well as contribute to and move the science and practice of mental health forward.
What you'll be doing:
Conceptualize, design and execute an ambitious data science roadmap for our caregiver experience team in partnership with product, engineering and care team leads.
You will lead, mentor and manage a team of data scientists in building out product analytics across our caregiver experience team, helping shape goals, metrics, experimentation and dashboards
Coach and mentor data scientists on the team to ensure their continued growth
Define the key success metrics that provider insight into the health of our caregiver experience and quality and uncover opportunities to improve these metrics
Lead the team in designing A/B tests and defining product telemetry to inform development and prioritization of new product feature releases.
Steer the team to create predictive and ML models to enhance our caregiver experience and network quality, including a personalized patient provider matching system and models that can measure and incentivize provider quality and outcomes
Perform analytical deep-dives to proactively identify product opportunities and inform experimentations and product roadmaps.
What we expect from you:
You are passionate about changing the face of mental health care and Spring Health's mission to remove all barriers to mental health resonates with you
7+ years of professional experience in a data science role, and at least 3+ years in a leadership or management capacity.
You have experience in a broad spectrum of data science techniques (machine learning, causal inference, A/B test experimentation frameworks, NLP etc) and are excited to apply them to solve complex clinical or business problems
Experience using, building and enabling analytics infrastructure (ie data, analytics and ML pipelines)
Strong presentation and stakeholder management skills — fluently tell a compelling clinical or business story with dataProficiency with SQL and a statistical analysis language (R/Python)
Ability to work in a fast-paced, mission-driven environment
Proximity to NYC or willingness to travel once a quarter to NYC

The target salary range for this position is $179,000 - $197,000, and is part of a competitive total rewards package including stock options, benefits, and incentive pay for eligible roles. Individual pay may vary from the target range and is determined by a number of factors including experience, location, internal pay equity, and other relevant business considerations. We review all employee pay and compensation programs annually at minimum to ensure competitive and fair pay.

#LI-Remote
Don't meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you're excited about this role but your past experience doesn't align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!
Benefits provided by Spring Health
Focus on total health including:
Generous medical, dental, vision coverage available day 1 + access to One Medical.
12 yearly no-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists and medication management providers for you and your dependents.
Unlimited paid time off, 12 paid holidays throughout the year, and 10 sick days
4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave.
$500 per year Wellness Reimbursement.
Supporting you financially through:
Our People team benchmarks all salaries using the Radford Global Compensation Database for technology and life sciences industries. Radford benchmarks salaries with 3,589 global firms, 6.5 million employees, and 98 countries across the globe. We do this to ensure all of our team members are paid equally and competitively.
On top of competitive and benchmarked salary, Spring Health offers incentive pay (based on role), and equity that begins vesting after one year with the company.
Employer sponsored 401(k) match of up to 2% after 90 days of employment.
Creating a culture you can thrive in:
Flexible work arrangements:
60% of Spring Health team members work fully remote while 40% work in a hybrid model from our New York City offices.
Calm Fridays: no meetings, no distractions, just time for you to get work done.
$200 per year donation matching to support your favorite causes.
Our team members have created five employee resource groups thus far and looking to add on more
In addition to finding people who are truly excellent at what they do, we take our values at Spring Health seriously:
Our Values
Members always come first
We serve multiple stakeholders, including providers, customers, and members. Most of the time, stakeholder priorities will be in alignment. Occasionally, we encounter difficult situations where there may need to be a tradeoff. In these situations, we prioritize members–they are the reason we exist and their wellbeing is our highest priority.
Move fast to change lives
We move quickly and intentionally to minimize suffering and do right by members. We make decisions courageously and swiftly, especially when those decisions are easily reversible. Knowing that work often fills the time allotted, we hold ourselves accountable to ambitious yet realistic timelines. We use the 80/20 rule and don't let perfect be the enemy of the good.
Science will win
Spring Health embraces science at every stage of our mission, from our beginnings with proprietary research published in a world-renowned, peer-reviewed journal to our recently published
clinical and financial ROI studies. And yet science, for us, extends beyond clinical papers–it means relying on data, evidence, and validation as much as possible, versus making assumptions. Science, for us, means truly understanding the status quo so that we can meaningfully disrupt it.
Candor with care
We believe in the power of candor to promote clarity and reduce friction, confusion, and stress. We do not refrain from speaking truth–including speaking truth to power–and we aim to do so with care and positive intent. We speak up when we don't understand or agree with each other, and deliver feedback with empathy, kindness, and genuine concern for others. Even when honesty may feel uncomfortable, we are direct and transparent–but always with care.
Embrace diverse teams and perspectives
Diversity makes us stronger. Whether its differences in background, perspective, ethnicity, race, gender, sexuality, age, or religion, we go beyond just having diverse talent—we work intentionally to support and amplify diverse voices around a table.
Take ownership
At Spring Health, we know that in order to fulfill our mission of eliminating every barrier to mental health, we must start by eliminating any barriers we encounter in our day-to-day work. When things don't go as planned, or when unexpected challenges come our way, we don't stop — we keep going. We are relentlessly resourceful, proactive, and creative, and we go beyond the call of duty. We are true owners.

Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about what motivates us and the ways we work to see if this is the right place for you: Our Values
Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
Our privacy policy: https://springhealth.com/privacy-policy/
