Responsibilities
Job Description Summary

Humana is seeking an experience Oracle Database Administrator who is passionate about improving processes and technology that are critical to the operation of our company.

You will be working with a team of experienced Oracle database administrators supporting databases across multiple technologies including AIX and AWS cloud, with opportunities to learn and support other advanced systems such as Oracle Exadata and Delphix. We have a great team that works collaboratively and cohesively to support some of the top technologies available in the industry.
Job Description
The Senior Exadata Database Administrator performs backup and recovery on Database Management Systems, configures database parameters, and prototype designs against logical data models, defines data repository requirements, data dictionaries and warehousing requirements. This position optimizes database access and allocates/re-allocates database resources for optimum configuration, database performance and cost. Supports multiple services and multiple databases of medium to high complexity (complexity defined by database size, technology used, systems feeds and interfaces) with multiple concurrent users, ensuring control, integrity and accessibility of data. Begins to influence department’s strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering fields or equivalent experience
5 or more years of Oracle Exadata experience including expertise with ASM, storage cells, and RAC
5 or more years of SQL tuning and optimization
5 or more years of experience in supporting 24x7 MAA Data Warehouse
Some experience in Data Guard, RMAN and ZFS or related technologies
Hands on experience on Exadata full stack patching/upgrade and expansion
Required availability for on-call rotation and off shift work
Experience as a technology leader that will guide in technology updates and trends
Experience as a team member with leadership focus
Experience implementing technologies with enterprise-wide impact
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences
Preferred Qualifications
2 or more years of Golden Gate experience
Experience working with Database Partitioning
Familiarity with Agile methodologies
Healthcare industry experience
Golden Gate experience
Partitioning experience
Why Humana?
It's not about what we think is important. It's what matters to you that counts. Humana offers a variety of benefits to promote the best health and well-being of our associates and their families.
You'll experience the following perks as a full-time Humana employee:
Compensation and Financial Security — Our pay philosophy is designed to motivate and reward associates for their skills and contributions to the company. We provide options to help you plan for your future and protect your assets: Competitive base pay, Recognition pay, 401(k) retirement savings plan (125% match for the first 6% contributed by an associate), etc.
Your Whole Health — Humana's health products and services are designed to encourage personal wellness and smart healthcare decisions for you and your family: Medical, dental, and vision benefits, Health plan incentives, Paternity leave, etc.
Work Perks — Humana knows your life extends outside of work. We have many options to support your interests and needs. Some departments have the flexibility to allow associates to work from home, and we offer all associates: Paid time off, holidays, volunteer time, jury duty pay, Associate charity matching program, Discount programs with major retailers, etc.
Grow With Us — Humana provides growth and career opportunities that can help you develop your skills and build your future with the organization: Internal and external learning events, Tuition assistance, Inclusion and diversity training, etc.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For more than 60 years, Humana has been a proven leader and innovator in the health and wellness industry. A passionate emphasis on people, choice, well-being, and innovation guide our business practices and culture. We're not just a health insurance company. Our diverse lines of business position us to serve millions of people with a wide range of needs, including seniors, military members, and self-employed individuals.
If you're looking for a career that provides opportunities for growth and development in a stable industry, Humana might be the right fit for you.
60 — We have been committed to seniors' health and care for nearly 60 years.
46K — We have 46,000+ associates.
#56 — Ranked #56 on the Fortune 500 list in 2019.
16.6M+ — We have 16.6+ million medical members across all 50 states.
12M — Since 2001, we have awarded more than $12 million in scholarships to children of Humana associates.
It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification.
You can find out more about us and view our current career opportunities at https://careers.humana.com.
Vaccine Policy
Humana and its subsidiaries require vaccinated associates who work outside of their home to submit proof of vaccination, including COVID-19 boosters. Associates who remain unvaccinated must either undergo weekly negative COVID testing OR wear a mask at all times while in a Humana facility or while working in the field.
Additional Information
Alert: Humana values personal identity protection. Please be aware that applicants being considered for an interview will be asked to provide a social security number, if it is not already on file. When required, an email will be sent from Humana@myworkday.com with instructions to add the information into the application at Humana’s secure website.
Interview Format:
As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Modern Hire to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Modern Hire allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information for you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule.
If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence inviting you to participate in a Modern Hire interview. In this interview, you will receive a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded or text message responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed, and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews.
Work-At-Home Requirements
WAH requirements: Must have the ability to provide a high speed DSL or cable modem for a home office.
Associates or contractors who live and work from home in the state of California will be provided payment for their internet expense.
A minimum standard speed for optimal performance of 25x10 (25mpbs download x 10mpbs upload) is required.
Satellite and Wireless Internet service is NOT allowed for this role.
A dedicated space lacking ongoing interruptions to protect member PHI / HIPAA information
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40

Not Specified
0
