theSkimm'
We're hiring a Director of Data Analytics & Business Insights.
About our team and what we'll build together
theSkimm's Data & Analytics team provides robust measurement and actionable insights on our growing membership base. The team is made up of Data Engineering, Data Science, Data Analytics & Business Insights, and Consumer Research.
As our company grows, we're looking for a Director, Data Analytics & Business Insights to join our team. Reporting to theSkimm's VP of Data & Analytics, you will lead a team of analysts that support the entire business, working closely with stakeholders across Marketing, Product, Editorial, Sales, Finance. You will take the lead on reporting on KPIs to understand the health of the business and provide actionable insights to our Exec team for decision making. Ideally you are at the intersection of business strategy and data analytics or science and have managed a team of analysts. You have incredible communication and stakeholder management skills.
How you'll contribute to our mission
Manage an analytics team dedicated to all things data, from collection to analysis, to help us develop insights that will inform the company's strategic decisions and day to day decision making
Set the vision, roadmap, and priorities for the Analytics & Business Insights team by understanding the needs of the business
Create informative and well-organized presentations that contribute to overall understanding of the business from a financial perspective, explaining complex situations by clearly illustrative data and explaining the why behind observations
Providing actionable insights to help stakeholders understand trends, marketplace dynamics, and user behaviors and work closely with stakeholders to obtain buy-in on recommendations
Define key business metrics that inform the business and understand the levers to move these metrics
Monitor business performance data across our product ecosystem
Collaborate with data science, data engineering, and research teams to contribute to data methodologies, roadmap planning and understand nuances to our data
Translate business questions into analytics needs, understanding the difference between what's available and what needs to be developed
Own and build dashboards for all levels of the company, including executive leadership, to monitor key metrics and track progress
A/B testing strategies including design, execution, and analysis
You're ready for this! Here's a bit more about what we're looking for
Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or another related field
MBA considered a plus
7+ years of Marketing Analytics, Data Science, Business Intelligence or other quantitative discipline
3+ years leading a team of analysts
Strong ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action
Experience with large datasets, statistical analyses, data visualization
Strong experience with marketing analytics (campaign/experiment planning and execution)
Strong stakeholder management and communication skills
Strong SQL skills
Strong business acumen
Proficiency with business intelligence tools (e.g, Looker, Tableau)
Experience with Python or other scripting languages
Understanding of user segmentation, cohort analyses, regression models, funnel optimization
Experience in Media or Publishing
Familiarity and enthusiasm for theSkimm: a passion for our audience and mission
High EQ
The expected annual base salary for this role is $162,000-$180,000. We'll consider a variety of factors when determining the offered base salary including an evaluation of a candidate's skills, abilities, experience, location, market demands, and internal parity.
Why we love working here
We are mission driven and values driven:
We are collectively building an impactful brand to empower generations of informed, confident women. Our vision is for every woman to have the info they need to navigate a complex world and the decisions in it. Every role has a purpose and allows us to provide useful information succinctly and contextualized. We tee her up to take action - whichever action is right for her, wherever she is.
We are values driven at every point - how we work, the way we work and our culture come straight from our core values. Each of us supports this incredible brand and takes part in its continued growth, fulfilling the needs of our audience each and every day.
We put you and your personal lives first - we have a generous benefits policy that demonstrates we are listening to what our employees need:
Unlimited vacation policy and generous holiday observances
A hybrid working model with flexibility for remote work
Comprehensive insurance plans and commuter benefits
Auto-enrollment into a MassMutual 401(k) plan starting on your first day and employer contribution available after one year of employment
Rewards for every work anniversary
One month paid sabbatical after your five year anniversary as a full-time employee
We support our parents at all points on their journey:
18 weeks of paid parental leave (adoption, fostering and surrogacy included)
Bereavement leave for pregnancy loss
Phased return to work schedule availability
Flexibility based on parental schedules
Access to family building and fertility benefits
Flexible and broad-scale child support program
Your well being is our priority:
We honor Sacred Time in our workplace
We have aligned company "time off" during the summer to truly allow for us all to break from our work at the same time
We offer fitness membership reimbursement
One Medical Membership is included with our benefits
We have a vibrant, collaborative, and supportive culture (we celebrate and have fun!):
Weekly company updates led by our co-founders/co-CEOs
Weekly lunch stipend for HQ employees
Employee Resource Groups
Employee awards ceremonies to celebrate individual accomplishments
Clubs and activities designed to meet other employees like book clubs, new hire buddy programs, rooftop lunches, off-sites, and wellness focused classes
Numerous culture events that enable our workforce, in the office and remote, to connect and have fun
Your career and development are a priority:
Annual learning and development stipend
LEAD@theSkimm, our leadership development program
DEI initiatives to ensure we are the best partners and colleagues to each other
Career development guidance and planning
And more…
Competitive salary and equity packages
Complimentary access to theSkimm's suite of membership products and swag
The opportunity to be part of a values-driven, hardworking, and diverse group of people building a media company that makes it easier to live smarter
Our story, Skimm'd
We are a digital media company, dedicated to succinctly giving women the information they need to make confident decisions. We make it easier to live smarter.
At our core, we are writers, editors, producers, designers, marketers, engineers, analysts, sellers, creatives, and strategists all working together to achieve this goal.
Everyday we're breaking down the news, trends, policies, and politics that impact women so that they can navigate their daily lives and futures – from managing their paychecks to casting their ballots – with confidence. We provide our dedicated audience of millions with reliable, non-partisan, information, informing and empowering them while fitting into their daily routines.
Since disrupting the media landscape and defining a new category a decade ago, we have become a trusted source for our audience of millions by seamlessly integrating into their existing routines, fundamentally changing the way they consume news and make decisions. Today theSkimm ecosystem includes the Daily Skimm, the Daily Skimm: Weekend, Skimm Money and Skimm Your Life newsletters, top-rated podcasts: "Skimm This" and "9 to 5ish with theSkimm," theSkimm mobile app, virtual course series SkimmU, and Skimm Studios which creates innovative in-house video and audio content. Our first book, How to Skimm Your Life debuted at #1 on The New York Times Best Seller list. Through Skimm Impact, our purpose-driven platform, we are proud to support get-out-the-vote efforts with Skimm Your Ballot, which has spurred 1 million voting-related actions across the last three election cycles, and it's #ShowUsYourLeave movement, creating transparency and change for Paid Family Leave in the U.S.
Come join us!
Learn more about us and our other opportunities here.
What about the office?
This is a full-time role with flexibility for remote work.
Our office is available to use three days a week - Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. We have a hybrid environment and ask that employees within the New York Metro area come together in person a minimum of three days per month. All other days are up to the discretion of the employees during the three days a week that the office will be open. We are continuing to closely monitor the state of COVID-19 in New York and will adjust this plan accordingly.
We will require COVID-19 vaccinations for anyone coming to our office. We are following CDC recommendations and will also require additional boosters, and will always follow CDC and NY state guidance on wearing masks in the office.
Any correspondence from our team will come from a @theskimm.com email account!
Job Type: Full-time
