The
mission
of The New York Times is to seek the truth and help people understand the world. That means independent journalism is at the heart of all we do as a company. It’s why we have a newsroom that’s 1,700 strong and sends journalists to report on the ground from nearly 160 countries. It’s why we focus deeply on how our readers will experience our journalism, from print to audio to a world-class digital and app destination. And it’s why our business strategy centers on making journalism so good that it’s worth paying for.

Note for US based roles: Any offer of employment is contingent on providing proof of Covid-19 vaccination prior to your start date, subject to approved medical and/or religious exemptions, in accordance with applicable law.
Job Description

The New York Times is a technology company committed to producing the world’s most reliable and highest quality journalism. Our ability to do so relies on a talented team of expert technologists who help NYT learn from a tremendous abundance of data unique to this company. The Times seeks a Data Scientist to join the Data Science Group applying machine learning methods to meet this challenge, in close collaboration with working partners across the company.

Responsibilities:
Reframe business and newsroom objectives as machine learning tasks that can deliver actionable insights, accurate predictions, and effective optimization
Implement and execute machine learning research with reliability and reproducibility
Communicate results and impact to business and newsroom stakeholders
Turn models into data products, collaborate with engineering teams, and integrate into processes throughout The Times
Technical Qualifications:
PhD, MS, or 3+ years experience in statistics, computational social science, applied mathematics, or another quantitative/computational discipline
familiarity with experimental design a plus
experience building statistical inferential models a plus
2+ years experience with open source machine learning or statistical analysis tools
experience with building data products, either internal or consumer-facing a plus
2+ years coding experience, Python preferred
experience in data engineering, including SQL and manipulating large structured or unstructured datasets for analysis
Ability to communicate complex ideas in data science to relevant stakeholders
experience quantifying and communicating uncertainty

Non-Technical:
Commitment to the Times’ mission of delivering the world’s best and most reliable journalism
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
A passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data
Proven record of solving challenging problems in academia and/or industry
Eagerness to collaborate with both technical and non-technical colleagues in editorial, product management, marketing, and executive leadership groups
Ability to gauge the complexity of machine learning problems and a willingness to execute simple approaches for quick effective solutions as appropriate
Desire to join the world’s most important journalism company at a moment in history when the importance of learning from our data is transforming every aspect of the craft and practice of journalism

Please provide GitHub or portfolio site if available.
The annual base pay range for this role is between $116,000.00 and $130,500.00.
#LI-AM1
The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.
The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws, and will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable "Fair Chance" laws.
