
Job Description
Geospatial Centroid Research and Program Coordinator
 
The Geospatial Centroid at the Colorado State University Libraries seeks an energetic and technically skilled research associate (RA) to further develop the education, outreach, and research support of the Centroid. The RA will work with Centroid staff to create training materials, videos, and workshops for geospatial analysis suites including open-source software like R and Python and using Git, GitHub and RMarkdown workflows. The RA will also engage with researchers to encourage the use of spatial analysis and participate as an active member of research teams across campus. Programming and data visualization are required.
 
A full job announcement may be found at https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/84151.  For full consideration, all application materials must be received by March 15, 2021 at 11:59pm.
 
About the Libraries
The Colorado State University Libraries is the heart of learning and research on campus, connecting curious minds to vital information and knowledge. The library system includes a primary library, Morgan Library, and a branch library in CSU’s Veterinary Teaching Hospital. The Libraries’ mission is to curate inclusive collections and provide equitable access to materials and services critical to student success, research brilliance and community engagement. The Libraries employs approximately 80 faculty and staff and 100 student employees who collaborate to meet the informational needs of users in the Libraries’ physical and digital spaces.
 
The CSU Libraries is committed to diversity, equity, inclusion and social justice. As part of a land grant university built on indigenous lands, we are mindful of our history and recognize that equity and social justice work requires intention, persistence and humility. We believe that improving equity and enacting social justice—among our staff, in our services, in our spaces, and in our communities—is a guiding star toward a better future.
 
About Colorado State University
Colorado State University is a land-grant institution with an enrollment of over 28,000 undergraduate and graduate students and is located in Fort Collins, Colorado.
 
About Fort Collins
Located just 57 miles north of Denver, Fort Collins is known for its livability, eco-consciousness, and a vibrant downtown culture. The city has over 4,300 acres of green space, 29 miles of in-town trails, and 143 miles of bike lanes. Fort Collins is known for its commitment to business while engaging in planning that focuses on community spirit, solutions to sprawl, and appreciation for outdoor living.
 
CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.
How to Apply
Please view the full position announcement, including application instructions, at https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/84151


 Job Categories: Researcher/Academic. Job Types: Full-Time. Salaries: Less than $100,000.
 Endless.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




