Job Overview:
At Keurig Dr. Pepper we are quickly growing and expanding our capabilities around data science, data engineering and data operationalization to create a comparative advantage for our diverse business. Data Scientists within the Marketing & Media Center of Excellence team are trained to be technical, operational and industry business leaders. The Marketing & Media Data Science team is a critical part of our business.

As a Sr. Manager - Data Scientist on the Marketing & Media Data Science team, you will be responsible for implementing a data science roadmap, developing mid and jr. level data scientists, and leading data science engagements that deliver business value and insights to the broader marketing team.

You will act as both a strategic and technical leader whose purpose is to improve KDP’s overall business performance through the analysis of data, development and deployment of predictive models, and the discovery of insights about our shoppers, customers, partners and competitors. In the short-term you will help our Keurig Brewer and Coffee teams better understand their current customer base, sales channels, and competitor behavior so they can target new customers, increase sales, optimize subscription services, and increase long-term customer value for the enterprise. In addition, you will work closely with brand marketers and our media center of excellence to craft campaigns that increase brand equity and compress the consumer funnel.

What you will do:
Oversee data science projects through the project lifecycle, from scoping through to implementation
You will be a hands-on leader, overseeing data exploration and analysis techniques to examine clickstream, POS, and IOT data from multiple disparate sources, with the goal of improving customer understanding and providing strategic support to our brand marketers, media center of excellence, creative agencies, and other business stakeholders
Recommend and oversee appropriate statistical and predictive modeling concepts, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation algorithms to help optimize customer targeting, reduce churn, and increase customer life-time-value.
Recruit train, guide, and coach jr. and mid-level analytics team members with the ultimate objective of creating a best-in-class Data Science and Business Analytics Function at KDP
Ensure data and code integrity by conducting documentation and code reviews
Translate and break apart day-to-day business challenges into manageable segments for data science application
Navigate many multi-functional stakeholders, and communicate technical results effectively to non-technical audiences
Work closely with IT and Data Engineering resources to help facilitate a collaborative, data science focused agenda
Implement strategic analyses with the know-how to balance getting the details right, while still moving at the speed of business
Help to create and develop a replicable Data Science roadmap that can be deployed across KDP as an enterprise
Requirements:
MS/PhD and minimum 7 years of data science/quantitative analysis experience
7+ years of experience in deploying data science in a business environment and fact-based evidence/anecdotes of implementation and impact from such deployments
Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms.
Extensive experience with one or more statistical analysis and scripting tools, including R and Python
Experience with data extraction from SQL databases
Possess excellent oral and written communication skills
Highly detail–oriented and organized
Possess strong business and financial acumen
Company Overview & EEO Statement:
Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America with dual headquarters in Burlington, MA and Plano, TX, with annual revenue in excess of $11 billion. KDP holds leadership positions in soft drinks, specialty coffee and tea, water, juice and juice drinks and mixers, and markets the #1 single serve coffee brewing system in the U.S. The Company maintains an unrivaled distribution system that enables its portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands to be available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig®, Dr Pepper®, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters®, Canada Dry®, Snapple®, Bai®, Mott’s® and The Original Donut Shop®. The Company employs more than 25,000 employees and operates more than 120 offices, manufacturing plants, warehouses and distribution centers across North America.

Benefits built for you: Our people are the heart of our business, which is why we offer robust benefits to support your health and wellness as well as your personal and financial well-being. We also provide employee programs designed to enhance your professional growth and development while ensuring you feel valued, inspired and appreciated at work.

Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmatively seeks diversity in its workforce. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. recruits qualified applicants and advances in employment its employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, ethnic or national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
