
Job Description
Job Title: Institutional Research Analyst
The Office of Institutional Research supports data-informed decision making to help Maria College fulfill its mission and is a source of reliable accurate data for external reporting.  The Research Analyst will report to the Associate Vice President for Institutional Research. This position is full time. Compensation is commensurate with experience.
About Maria College
Founded in 1958 by the Religious Sisters of Mercy, Maria College of Albany is a private, co-educational, Catholic college that serves approximately 800 students in a variety of degree and certificate programs. Known for its warm, caring culture, its personalized attention to students, flexible scheduling and highly affordable tuition, the College has built a regional reputation for excellence in the health professions, including nursing and occupational therapy.
Responsibilities
Extract, clean, transform, and manage data.
Prepare, analyze, interpret, and present data to various audiences using tables, charts, and narrative reports.
External reporting (e.g., IPEDS, NYSED, CICU, Common Data Set)
Internal reporting including recurring reports and responding to data requests to support decision making.
Provide data as needed to support accreditation (e.g., ACEN, ACOTE)
Assist with survey development, deployment, and dissemination of results to stakeholders.
Work collaboratively with individuals from across the College.
Involvement on committees as needed.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in quantitative social science or related discipline, Master’s preferred.
One to three years of experience working in a research or analytical environment, preferably in Higher Education.
Attention to detail.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to multitask, manage deadlines, and problem solve.
Ability to contextualize data requests and communicate findings in a meaningful way.
Experience with data manipulation and analysis.
Experience with statistical analysis software (R strongly preferred).
Ability to contextualize data requests and communicate findings in a meaningful way.
Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience.
Experience with SQL and relational databases is a plus.
Maria College is a nonprofit, independent, coeducational institution which does not discriminate in its enrollment or employment practices for any reason including race, sex, color, national origin, creed, sexual orientation, mental or physical disability, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal or local laws and ordinances.
How to Apply
Please send cover letter, resume, salary requirements, and a list of 3 references to [email protected] with “Institutional Research Analyst” as the subject.


 Job Categories: Researcher/Academic. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: Higher Education, Institutional Research, and IR. Salaries: Less than $100,000.
 Endless.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




