Position Description:
Work with advanced technical principles, theories, and concepts.
Be challenged with working on complex technical problems and providing innovative solutions.
Work with highly experienced and technical resources.
Work with the project team and business stakeholders/technical leads to define, analyze, and document requirements for new ServiceNow processes or improvements to current processes.
Work with the ServiceNow development team to validate the solutions for defined requirements.
Help other Business Analysts on the project team.
Develop procedures, manuals, and other documentation as needed.
Develop User Stories based on business requirements provided by the stakeholders/technical leads.
Document current and future processes and workflows.
Manage the User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and validation activities.
Help the Project Management Team as needed.
All other duties as assigned or directed.
Requirements
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related field plus at least 8 years of experience or Master's degree and 6 years
Solid Business Analyst experience – Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Projects
Knowledge and experience with infrastructure platforms
5 years of experience as a Business Analyst in the areas of Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity
5 years of experience in designing and building business processes
3 years of experience with process flow documentation creation
Understanding of Agile software development practices
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation skills
Desired Skills:
Experience with using ServiceNow Business Continuity Management (BCM) and/or ServiceNow Integrated Risk Management (IRM) modules.
ServiceNow Certification.
Previous Government experience
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: Up to $62.00 per hour
Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
Business Analyst: 8 years (Required)
infrastructure Disaster Recovery: 8 years (Required)
Business Continuity projects: 8 years (Required)
infrastructure platforms: 8 years (Required)
designing and building business processes: 5 years (Required)
process flow documentation creation: 3 years (Required)
ServiceNow Business Continuity Management (BCM): 3 years (Required)
ServiceNow Integrated Risk Management (IRM) modules: 3 years (Required)
Government: 3 years (Required)
License/Certification:
ServiceNow Certification (Required)
Security clearance:
Confidential (Required)
Work Location: Remote
