DIRECTOR – DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS – DIGITAL AMERICAS

At Birkenstock USA, LP, our business is a reflection of who we are. We have a passion for our products, an appreciation of their
heritage and a genuine belief in their benefits. Our business is a reflection of what we represent - quality products that are comfortable,
unique, timeless and respectful of the world around us. Our mission is to deliver happiness and satisfaction.
In order to provide quality products and services, we need quality people. We are looking for talented people who share our values of
accountability, responsiveness, excellence, teamwork, respect, integrity and a positive attitude.

Job Title: Director, Data Science & Analytics, Digital Americas

Position Location: NYC (SoHo)

Reports To: Chief Digital / DTC Officer, Digital Americas

Objectives
The Director, Data Science & Analytics will champion the consumer experience across all online channels through data driven
strategies. This leadership position requires a deep understanding of the role that Data Science can play in retail and ecommerce,
applying advanced analytic data modeling and machine learning to all areas of the digital business to drive KPI optimization. This role
will champion and lead extensive analysis of the online business, provide maintenance of brand web analytics tools and will serve as a
team expert in digital analytics spanning Web, Mobile, Social, Email and Media to drive acquisition, retention and brand loyalty. In close
collaboration with the local and global Digital teams, this role will help deliver a complete picture of performance and assist in the
growth of ecommerce for Birkenstock Americas.

Responsibilities
Drive the creation and implementation of best practices for statistical data modeling, analysis, and machine learning for the
Digital Americas business.
Build, maintain and optimize all reports and dashboards, driving visibility and accountability.
Manage and work on web analytics audits and measurement frameworks to ensure all KPI's are tracking appropriately and align
with business objectives.
Advocate, evangelize and implement modern data science practices.
Report on, analyze and distribute website metrics to the organization; providing actionable insights for the optimization of the
business.
Ad hoc reporting as requested or needed by the business.
Ensure proper tagging is done for all site updates on site to ensure proper monitoring and measuring of KPI’s can be done.
Collaborate with Global teams to understand and assess opportunities to enhance the overall data architecture.
Partner with the Digital Americas channel teams to optimize and implement new features for data collection, and provide data-
driven direction that is actionable.
Be the advocate for web analysis and data-driven decision-making, including AB/multi-variate testing and analysis.
Develop and maintain analytical support strategies, forecasting and modeling to grow revenue targets.
Develop algorithms and predictive models to support key initiatives such as predictive churn, price elasticity, predictive LTV.
Compile and share relevant industry news, including emerging trends in analytics techniques and predictive modeling.
Analyzing digital marketing performance based on customer and product segmentation and developing segmentation
approaches for customers and prospects.
Manage and Mentor the Manager, Analytics & Data Science.


Interfaces/Relationships
Close alignment with the Americas business stakeholders including Marketing, Product Planning, IT and Operations.
Collaboration BSD HQ CRM & Analytic teams from a support perspective.
Internal interface to business stakeholders (Marketing, Operations, Content, Category Management).

Competencies
High degree of customer focus.
High online affinity, understanding of digital environment and analytic tools.
Comfortable in and adaptable to rapidly changing conditions.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously.
Highly organized, detail oriented and accurate.

Qualifications
Education
o Bachelor’s Degree
o Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or other quantitative field
Work experience
o 10-15 years in e-Commerce and/or Digital Marketing Data Science and Analytics
Preferably, in Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, and/or Marketing Analytics
o Strong technical and analytical skillset, proficient in SQL, R, Python, and/or SAS
o Demonstrated critical thinking
o Strong analytical capabilities
o Proven mastery of analytics tool (GA, Omniture, etc.) required
o Understanding of web KPI's, online financials, ROI & profitability
o Excellent verbal and written communication skills; with ability to provide both deep dive and executive reporting that
reflects clear data and actionable insights
o Team-player; ability to work with all digital team members in a proactive manner and drive results
o Adapts easily to changing situations and demonstrates flexibility in juggling priorities
o Ability to provide and articulate Google analytics tracking and implementation requirements
Language Skills
o English
o Proficiency in German is a desirable, but not required
IT Expertise
o Expertise with Google Analytics, AB Testing platforms, Optimizely, SFCC/SFMC and social analytics/reporting
o General affinity towards web technology and IT process
o Experience with data warehouses and architecture familiarity

Personal Skills
Analytical, structured and conceptual approach
High degree of responsibility
Resilient, flexible, decisive
Exceptional communication and presentation skills with the ability to persuade an audience
Comfortable and adaptable to rapidly changing situations
Strong understanding for customer needs

Working Conditions
Involvement with local and global teams with diverse cultures
Ability to travel as needed
If interested, please send cover letter and resume to mhoessl@birkenstockusa.com. Subject line should list “Director, Data Science &
Analytics, Digital Americas”.
BIRKENSTOCK USA, LP IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
