
Job Description
NanoString seeks a statistician to lead development of novel statistical methodology for data arising from our new Spatial Molecular Imager instrument and corresponding assay.  As this instrument and assay represent a new field of molecular research, development of these methods will often require the Biostatistician II to work from first principles and without the aid of existing methods.  Additionally, the Biostatistician II ensures the statistical integrity and accuracy of research data and performs statistical design, modeling, and analyses. This individual provides statistical summaries and reports of studies in support of product development and works with scientists and engineers to ensure proper use of statistical methodology and interpretation of results.
 
Essential Responsibilities:
Development of novel statistical methodology for the analysis of gene expression, proteomics, and sequence data
Focus on single cell gene and protein expression data

High-level applied analyses of gene expression and multi-omics data
Statistical consultations with scientists throughout the company
Development of software to help biologists analyze omics data
Development of gene-expression based diagnostic predictors
Work in collaboration with statisticians and biologists
R&D efforts of your own devising
 
Requirements:
Ph.D. with 0-4 years of relevant work experience in statistics or biostatistics. Master’s and Bachelor’s level considered with relevant experience in lieu of degree.
Advanced R programming skills
Graduate-level coursework in applied statistics
Graduate level coursework in statistical theory
 
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of molecular/systems biology desirable
Knowledge of cancer biology desirable
Experience in genomics and machine learning desirable
How to Apply
https://boards.greenhouse.io/nanostring/jobs/5748576002


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time. Salaries: More than $100,000.
 Endless.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




