Job Description
HGV Now Offers Day One Team Member Benefits!
The Data Scientist for Information Management & Analytics utilizes a blend of science, economics, and operational data to identify and capitalize on opportunities to improve business performance. The role will prove analytics and statistical models to deliver real-time business recommendations and solutions. Areas of focus include Pricing, Inventory Management, Sales Efficiency, Marketing, Digital Analytics, Owner Satisfaction, and Portfolio Performance. This is a high-impact role in which you will have a direct influence on how decisions are made.
Position Summary:
Work closely with various business units to develop solutions for data-intensive business problems.
Identify and execute appropriate scientific methods (experimentation, causal inference, regression methods, machine learning, etc.) to create impactful insights.
Integrate analytics, algorithms, and models with the existing BI tools including Cognos and Tableau, using R or similar language
Develop analytical models to support strategic management decision making
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Maintain and enhance existing forecasting models
Create ad-hoc analysis and handle data requests from business stakeholders
Bridge operational analytics to financial impacts, participate in project-based initiatives, and perform other duties as assigned
Qualifications
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree
Experience with common data science toolkits (R, Python, MatLab, etc.)
Proficiency in SQL.
Proven ability to communicate technical business requirements to non-technical end users.
Ability to communicate in English, both verbally and in written form.
Must have strong organizational skills and be able to prioritize and meet multiple deadlines within a fast-paced environment.
Attention to details is critical.
Preferred Qualifications
MS/MA/Master's Degree
Timeshare proven experience
Preferred experience with using Tableau or Cognos.
3-5 years prior data scientist experience.
Why do Team Members Like Working for us?
We offer an excellent benefit package to our full-time Team Members that include medical, dental and vision insurance, 401K plan, Paid Time Off (PTO) program and extraordinary travel benefits!
Excellent health care options (medical, dental, and vision that encourage preventative care).
Outstanding Paid Time Off (PTO) that allows for adventure, rest, relaxation or recuperation.
All new Team Members are automatically enrolled in the HGV Retirement Savings Plan.
Our Go Hilton Team Member Travel Program offers accommodations at deeply discounted rates and 50% off at participating hotel-operated restaurants. Pass the savings on since HGV allows you to share additional discounted room nights.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
