Department

PSD Data Science Staff

About the Department

The Data Science Institute at the University of Chicago was established to support the development of emerging efforts in data science across the University. The staff in the Data Science Institute support the University’s community of scholars, their shared ideals, and the core values that make the University a singular intellectual destination. Together with the University's deans and department chairs, the Data Science Institute provides the opportunities, infrastructure, and resources that encourage our faculty and other scholars to pursue their finest work.

Job Summary

The Assistant Director of Undergraduate Studies (ADUS) works closely with the faculty Director of Undergraduate Studies (DUS) and other Data Science Institute and Computer Science staff to support the undergraduate program in Data Science. The ADUS is the first point of contact for prospective, current, and past students and is responsible for providing excellent service and assistance to both the students and faculty.
Responsibilities
Provides open lines of communication with students so they feel comfortable approaching the Data Science Institute with any problems or concerns. Respond to students’ questions via email, phone, zoom, slack, and in person meetings.
Assesses all graduating students’ academic records to confirm honors designation.
Advises undergraduate DS majors and minors about coursework, careers and graduate school.
Oversees each student’s course plan to ensure they are only enrolled in approved courses and are making sufficient progress towards their graduation requirements.
Approves minor consent forms and request changes as needed.
Responsible for the registration process, including review and approval of all pending batch registrations ahead of the registration period, all registration communications with Data Science undergraduate students, and processing any add/drops necessary.
Manages the hiring process of all undergraduates supporting Data Science courses, including graders and TAs, when needed.
Creates and announces the grader/TA application each quarter.
Processes employment offers as well as onboarding and payroll information once an offer has been accepted.
Works with HR to confirm that new hires have completed all onboarding steps and the hiring process is complete.
Gathers and analyzes data concerning program performance and write reports.
Manages a list of undergraduates who declared a minor or a major in Data Science.
Manages TA assignments in conjunction with the DUS.
Resolves student complaints/issues.
Annually reviews the DS College Catalog page, propose changes, and process updates in Courseleaf.
Maintains the DS entry in myPlanner to ensure that the requirements listed are kept up-to-date.
Manages undergraduate petitions for specialization course substitution and courses in a related field for the BS degree. Sends each petition to the relevant faculty member for review and communicate the decision to the student.
Creates mail scripts to send personal mass emails to all instructors with the course details of the upcoming quarter for confirmation. Makes updates, in connection with the registrar, as necessary.
Schedules discussion sections with the registrar, as necessary.
Maintains the departmental database by entering and updating stored course data.
Reviews final proofs from the registrar prior to the start of the quarter.
Manages the centralized waiting list for undergraduate level DS courses in conjunction with the DUS.
Sends personal email to each PhD in the TA pool, and the instructor of their course, informing them of their TA assignment.
Assists the Undergraduate Committee as needed.
Addresses faculty requests/issues in a timely manner.
Sends end-of-year employment survey to obtain student’s upcoming plans for both graduating (employment or graduate school plans) and ongoing students (internship plans).
Reconciles GEMS card purchases and reimbursements.
Schedules rooms and order food for meetings or events as needed.
Guides students as they prepare sponsorship invoices for approval.
Assists students in monitoring their organization’s budget.
Assists in scheduling events around the undergraduate data science clinic program.
Under the direction of the Data Science Clinic Director, assist in scheduling undergraduate data science clinic events and manage clinic communication to applicable students.
Leverages internal tools and systems to identify and track undergraduate students through their required data science clinic courses.
Support DS faculty in the development of additional data science education programs.
Collaborates with internal and external professionals to create new programs and enhance existing ones. This job is also responsible for evaluating the program curriculum, policies, and procedures.
Typically review work of and serve as a resource to program support staff and program instructors.
Performs other related work as needed.

Minimum Qualifications

Education:
Minimum requirements include a college or university degree in related field.
-
Work Experience:
Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through 5-7 years of work experience in a related job discipline.
-
Certifications:
-
Preferred Qualifications
Education:
Bachelor’s degree.
Experience:
Academic advising experience.
Familiarity with higher education environment.
Preferred Competencies
Interest in working in a student facing, high touch environment.
Student-centered approach and willingness to go the extra mile for students.
Familiarity with academic information systems and database systems.
Outstanding organizational skills.
Outstanding written and oral communication skills.
Comfortable with learning new content areas and new skills; can do so quickly and well.
Ability to work on multiple projects at any given time.
Ability to deal effectively and professionally with people.
Attention to detail skills.
Problem solving skills.
Application Documents
Resume (required)
Cover letter (required)
References (preferred)

When applying, the document(s) MUST be uploaded via the My Experience page, in the section titled Application Documents of the application.

Job Family

Academic Affairs

Role Impact

Individual Contributor

FLSA Status

Exempt

Pay Frequency

Monthly

Scheduled Weekly Hours

37.5

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Drug Test Required

No

Health Screen Required

No

Motor Vehicle Record Inquiry Required

No

Posting Statement

Employees must comply with the University’s COVID-19 vaccination requirements. More information about the requirements can be found on the
University of Chicago Vaccination GoForward
.

The University of Chicago is an
Affirmative Action/
Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the
University's Notice of Nondiscrimination.

Staff Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-5800 or submit a request via
Applicant Inquiry Form.

We seek a diverse pool of applicants who wish to join an academic community that places the highest value on rigorous inquiry and encourages a diversity of perspectives, experiences, groups of individuals, and ideas to inform and stimulate intellectual challenge, engagement, and exchange.

All offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes a review of conviction history. A conviction does not automatically preclude University employment. Rather, the University considers conviction information on a case-by-case basis and assesses the nature of the offense, the circumstances surrounding it, the proximity in time of the conviction, and its relevance to the position.

The University of Chicago's Annual Security & Fire Safety Report (Report) provides information about University offices and programs that provide safety support, crime and fire statistics, emergency response and communications plans, and other policies and information. The Report can be accessed online at:
http://securityreport.uchicago.edu
. Paper copies of the Report are available, upon request, from the University of Chicago Police Department, 850 E. 61st Street, Chicago, IL 60637.
