8116 - Midtown Office - 2220 W. Broad Street, Richmond, Virginia, 23220

CarMax, the way your career should be!
Analyst Rotation Program:

Our Analyst Rotation Program (ARP) provides experience in a variety of roles at CarMax giving ample opportunity for recent grads to develop skills in analytics, strategy, communication & influence. Business Analysts get firsthand experience solving unique and complex problems and significantly contribute to company performance right from the start.
ARP is a 2-year program, providing three 8-month rotations with teams across the CarMax analyst community
Analysts in ARP start together as a cohort and share experiences through the duration of the program
The program seeks to maximize professional development and career growth providing diverse experiences, interactions with leaders across the org, formal training & teambuilding
Analysts in ARP have input to roles they will take while in the program and upon graduation

Business Analyst:

Business analysts are the analytical authorities at CarMax.

Analyze

This role enables you to apply your analytical skillset to CarMax's proprietary, industry-leading data and unique business problems. You will help design and optimize strategies at the heart of our business & contribute significantly to our success as we continue to disrupt our industry.

Collaborate & Influence

In ARP, you will work closely with leadership in operations, product, marketing, technology, and other business areas to influence what we do & how we do it. Business Analysts are critical team members in major company initiatives, developing insights that drive our decision making.

Learn & Grow

Rotations enable analysts to learn from real-world experience with a variety of business problems - developing a broad understanding of our business and a diverse network along the way. Formal training ensures analysts have the tools to be successful & a strong understanding of our business. Throughout the program, analysts develop strong technical skills (e.g. coding, analytic methods) & soft skills (communication & storytelling).

Contribute to our Diverse Community

We are proud of our community of more than 200 full-time analysts & 20 analyst interns, from various backgrounds and experiences (including former CarMax interns!). Develop friendships & professional relationships that will enrich your experience at CarMax and contribute to your success going forward.

What you need to succeed:
Passion for problem-solving and desire to develop into a business leader
Critical thinking skills and curious personality
Strong organization skills with an ability to multitask
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills
Dedication to continuous improvement and innovation
Commitment to growth, development and learning new things

To be eligible:
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.

Interviewing Process

Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We've implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we're all in this together.

Work Location

Associates will have the opportunity to work from our Corporate Headquarters & Technology Innovation Center, both located in Richmond VA.

Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application.
