Business Analyst
Remote
Rate: - $30 - $50/hr
Start Date – ASAP
Contract – W2
Essential Job Functions
Maintain relationship with project sponsors, project leads, and functional leaders.
Independently lead/facilitate management of medium-to-high complexity projects (spanning across multiple business units and/or functions).
Collaborate with business to review and prioritize business requirements.
Identify opportunities to enhance PMO best practices and implement them tailored to needs of stakeholders.
Escalation point for Project Analyst for issues, risks, and negotiations.
Identify and escalate issues and risks to program manager, as needed.
Reports upon project status, identifies risks/issues and decision points manager and/or project sponsors.
Serve as the primary point of contact for business leads and sponsors.
Develops and maintains project plans, highlight reports, exception reports and exception plans.
Develops supporting documentation and project artifacts.
Informs stakeholders of project timeline and key deliverables.
Develops change management plan for implementation.
Provides direction to project teams in areas of analytics, synthesis of action items, key take-aways and key decisions items.
Maintains advanced knowledge of project management & cross-management.
Maintains advanced level content and program operations knowledge.
Education & Experience Requirements
Minimum 2 years of directly related experience in positions of increasing responsibilities.
Bachelor’s Degree.
Experience must include medium-to large scale program experience.
Advanced knowledge and technical skills related to project management.
Knowledge of personal computers and associated office automation tools skill.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Ability to interact with all levels of personnel within the organization.
Ability to manage time effectively and complete assignments within budgeted time frames.
Advanced critical thinking, research, and analytical skills.
Ability to effectively articulate matters with high degree of complexity through verbal and written communications.
Proficient in utilizing available internal resources.
Ability to recognize and understand the relationship and impact between different regulatory areas.
Interested, please send your updated resume at lalit at technokraftserve dot com
Thanks & Regards
Lalit Kumar
Job Types: Contract, Full-time
Salary: $30.00 - $40.00 per hour
Benefits:
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Remote
