Discover. A brighter future.
With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.
Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.
Job Description
At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great Aplace to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.
Responsible for providing thought leadership & strategic thinking to solve business problems by leveraging techniques such as segmentation, optimization, advanced analytics and machine learning. The role will closely monitor performance metrics and KPIs to ensure goals are met and course correct as necessary. Manages a team of high performing quantitative analysts and will be responsible for ensuring the team stays motivated and engaged. Manages team performance, coach and develop employees and hire the right talent. In addition, this individual will identify, prioritize and supervise the team to flawlessly execute on initiatives.
Responsibilities
Provides thought leadership & strategic thinking to translate business problem into analytical framework(s), and independently recommend actions and provide business insights. Leads the development and implementation of advanced analytics including customer segmentation, optimization, prescriptive analytics and machine learning algorithm & recommendation to solve business problems.
Manages priorities and sets of analyst, assign projects and allocate resource, communicate business performance and project progress to management & business partners.
Operates as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis, test and design of experiment, analysis methodology, modeling & application, and financial impact analysis.
Establishes and maintains effective performance tracking; identify improvement opportunity, form hypothesis, propose, design and implement tests to drive strategy enhancement and optimization.
Delivers effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information.
Develops and automates reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs. Facilitates implementation of work product and ensure accuracy.
Recommends improvement to work processes to increase efficiency while maintaining quality of work. Consistently follow standard work processes and documentation requirements. Continuously improve technical and leadership skills through training and development.
Minimum Qualifications
At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Sciences or related field
6+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
If we had our say, we’d also look for:
Master’s Degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Sciences or related field
4+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
#Remote
#LI-RD1
What are you waiting for? Apply today!
The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.
