THE POSITION
This is an advanced technical and administrative position is located in the Application Database Administration and Development (ADAD) Division of the Bureau of Cross Application Integration (CAI) within the Employment, Banking and Revenue Delivery Center (EBR). This employee is responsible for all facets of SQL Server database administration and requires on-call support when needed to support a 24x7 production environment.

We are seeking a motivated professional who likes being challenged, enjoys learning new technologies, can work independently and as part of a team in support of our goal of providing first class service to our customers.

DESCRIPTION OF WORK
Your responsibilities will include the design, development, implementation, and support of efficient and effective databases varying in both product version and licensed features; planning and implementation of database reorganization and conversion maintenance; management of system performance through the use of system diagnostic tools and reports; and participation in IT planning activities with application development and operations personnel with regard to establishing database access techniques and addressing database performance issues. Will perform a full range of database management activities.

Additional details regarding the duties of this position may be found in the position description.

Work Schedule and Additional Information:
Full-Time Employment
Work hours are 8:00 am to 4:30 pm, one hour lunch break (or 8 – 4:00, 30-minute lunch break)
Telework: You may have the opportunity to work from home (telework) full-time. In order to telework, you must have a securely configured high-speed internet connection. If you are unable to telework, you will have the option to report to the headquarters office in Harrisburg.
Salary: In some cases, the starting salary may be non-negotiable.
You will receive further communication regarding this position via email. Please check your email, including spam folders, for these notices.
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE, TRAINING & ELIGIBILITY
QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum Experience and Training Requirements:
One year as a Database Analyst or Information Technology Generalist 2; or
Three years of information technology experience that includes two years in the analysis, design, and maintenance of databases in overall support of database administration, and an associate’s degree in any information technology field; or
Five years of information technology experience that includes two years in the analysis, design, and maintenance of databases in overall support of database administration; or
One year of information technology experience in the analysis, design, and maintenance of databases in overall support of database administration, and a bachelor's degree in any information technology field; or
An equivalent combination of experience and training.
Other Requirements:
You must meet the PA residency requirement. For more information on ways to meet PA residency requirements, follow the link and click on Residency.
You must be able to perform essential job functions.
How to Apply:
Resumes, cover letters, and similar documents will not be reviewed, and the information contained therein will not be considered for the purposes of determining your eligibility for the position. Information to support your eligibility for the position must be provided on the application (i.e., relevant, detailed experience/education).
If you are claiming education in your answers to the supplemental application questions, you must attach a copy of your college transcripts for your claim to be accepted toward meeting the minimum requirements. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable.
Your application must be submitted by the posting closing date. Late applications and other required materials will not be accepted.
Failure to comply with the above application requirements may eliminate you from consideration for this position.
Veterans:
Pennsylvania law (51 Pa. C.S. §7103) provides employment preference for qualified veterans for appointment to many state and local government jobs. To learn more about employment preferences for veterans, go to www.employment.pa.gov/Additional%20Info/Pages/default.aspx and click the Veterans’ Preference tab or contact us at ra-cs-vetpreference@pa.gov.
Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS):
711 (hearing and speech disabilities or other individuals).
The Commonwealth is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a diverse workforce. The Commonwealth values inclusion as we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most qualified people to serve the citizens of Pennsylvania. The Commonwealth does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious creed, ancestry, union membership, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, AIDS or HIV status, disability, or any other categories protected by applicable federal or state law. All diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.
EXAMINATION INFORMATION
Completing the application, including all supplemental questions, serves as your exam for this position. No additional exam is required at a test center (also referred to as a written exam).
Your score is based on the detailed information you provide on your application and in response to the supplemental questions.
Your score is valid for this specific posting only.
You must provide complete and accurate information or:
your score may be lower than deserved.
you may be disqualified.
You may only apply/test once for this posting.
Your results will be provided via email.

Learn more about our Total Rewards by watching this short video!
Health & Wellness
We offer multiple health plans so our employees can choose what works best for themselves and their families. Our comprehensive benefits package includes health coverage, vision, dental, and wellness programs.*

Compensation & Financial Planning
We invest in our employees by providing competitive wages and encouraging financial wellness by offering multiple ways to save money and ensure peace of mind including multiple retirement and investment plan options.

Work/Life Balance
We know there’s more to life than just work! Our generous paid leave benefits include paid vacation, paid sick leave, six weeks of paid parental leave, military leave, and paid time off for most major U.S. holidays, as well as flexible work schedules and work-from-home opportunities.*

Values and Culture
We believe in the work we do and provide continual opportunities for our employees to grow and contribute to the greater good. As one of the largest employers in the state, we provide opportunities for internal mobility, professional development, and the opportunity to give back by participating in workplace charitable giving.

Employee Perks
Sometimes, it is the little “extras” that make a big difference. Our employees receive special employee-only discounts and rates on a variety of services and memberships.

For more information on all of these Total Rewards benefits, please visit www.employment.pa.gov and click on the benefits box.

Eligibility rules apply.
