About the company
Albertsons Companies is at the forefront of the revolution in retail. With a fixation on innovation and building culture, our team is rallying our company around a unique vision: forging a retail winner that is admired for national strength, deep roots in the communities we serve, and a team that has passion for food and delivering great service.
Albertsons is one of the largest retail employers, providing approximately 300,000 jobs across 2,200 stores, 22 distribution centers, 20 food and beverage plants and various support offices. We operate in 34 states and the District of Columbia under the Albertsons banner, as well as Safeway, Tom Thumb, Jewel Osco, Shaw’s and many more recognizable names.
Albertsons Companies recently rolled out our Presence with a Purpose work model. Placing a premium on adaptability, safety and family well-being, Presence with a Purpose will help us build a hybrid work environment between remote work and office time. A one-size-fits-all approach does not apply to everyone, and teams are allowed to make decisions that are best for them.
What you will be doing
The Data Science team at Albertsons Companies is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to work for the most transformational food and drug retailers in the United States. Albertsons operates over 2,300 stores under 19 well-known banners including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Jewel-Osco, Shaw's, Acme, Tom Thumb, Randalls, United Supermarkets, Pavilions, Star Market, Haggen and Carrs. The company reported revenue of over $60 billion from over 34 million weekly shoppers and is the third largest private company in the country.
Data Science at Albertsons is inspired to build best in class customer experience and revolutionize the food and drug retail industry. We are looking for people who are excited in re-imagining the grocery experience by harnessing the power of AI and digital technologies. The Data Science team collect and rely on big data from existing stores and customer interactions at the 2300 nationwide stores and beyond. We are a highly driven team that apply data science to delight our customers, to improve store operations, to optimize supply chain and to proactively improve product lifecycle.
The Data Science Department has an opening for a Data Scientist. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into business impacts on regular basis. You'll work closely with other data scientists and business partners in identifying and defining data science projects, building machine learning algorithms and models on top of existing data platforms. The candidate will have a background in computer science or a related technical field with experiences working with large data sets and applying data-driven decision making. A successful candidate will be both technically strong and business savvy, with a passion to make an impact through creative storytelling and timely actions. You are a self-starter, smart yet humble, with a bias for action.
The position will be based in Pleasanton, California, Phoenix, Arizona or Dallas, Texas.
Main responsibilities
Collaborate with business teams to develop production grade machine learning models on large-scale datasets and improve customers’ overall shopping experience
Apply machine learning to enhance recommendation engines and deliver personalized user experience on ecommerce website and loyalty mobile app
Build models and algorithms to fuel growth initiatives for Digital, Merchandising, Marketing and Loyalty teams
Scale up prototypes and implement reliable automated production workflow for models
Collaborate with software development engineers to integrate models
Apply predictive modeling techniques to optimize the forecasts for planning needs
Detect anomaly in systems through various techniques and identify outliers in operational metrics
A copy of the full job description can be made available to you.
What we are searching for
Masters or PhD degree in quantitative discipline: Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, Math, Statistics or related fields
2+ years of industry experience in applying data science and modeling methodologies: regression model, survival model, ensemble modeling, NLP, recommendation algorithm, clustering, deep learning algorithm, experimental design (Multivariate/A-B testing) and nonparametric Bayesian modeling etc.
1+ years of experience and proficiency in SQL, Python and/or Spark-ML
1+ years of SQL development skills writing queries, transforming data, mining structured and unstructured data.
1+ years of hands-on experience in building data science solutions and production-ready systems on big data platforms such as Snowflake, Spark, Hadoop
Strong teamwork and communication skill
Ability to write production-level code in Python
Experience with Snowflake, Azure Databricks is a strong plus
What it is like at Albertsons?
Albertsons Culture Principles
Compassion: We always treat each other with kindness and respect
Team: We always support and recognize each other
Inclusive: We always value everyone’s perspective
Learning: We always strive to grow and develop ourselves and others
Competitive: We always act with integrity to win over the customer
Ownership: We always take actions to drive our success
