Job Information


This position is eligible for telework which is currently one day per week. New hires are eligible to apply 30 days after their effective date of hire.
In order to protect our employees and continue to provide safe and reliable service to our communities, as of November 14, 2021, we are requiring all new MTA hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 prior to their start date. MTA will consider exceptions for religious and medical reasons, where appropriate. “Fully vaccinated” means you must have both doses of a 2-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the second dose, or have received (1) dose of a 1-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the dose. Proof of your vaccination status in the form of a CDC vaccine card must be submitted prior to your start date.

JOB TITLE:
Manager, Climate and Data Science

AGENCY:
Construction & Development


DEPT/DIV:
Planning / Capital Strategy


REPORTS TO:
Senior Manager, Climate Resilience Planning


WORK LOCATION:
2 Broadway


HOURS OF WORK:
9:00 AM to 5:30 PM or as required (7.5HR/ DAY)


HAY POINTS:
588


SALARY RANGE:
$83,981 to $110,225


DEADLINE:
Open Until Filled




Summary


Responsible for managing the resiliency and sustainability efforts that support and contribute to the development of multi-billion plans that set the bar for critical transportation investments necessary to ensure the continued mobility of the MTA region. This position will work directly with senior staff in the development of the MTA’s Twenty-Year Needs Assessment, a pre-cursor to the Capital Plan, that includes a systematic analysis of multiple transportation investment proposals and initiatives. This position is responsible for developing and analyzing strategies and capital program projects, managing studies of critical planning issues, working on long range transportation strategies, developing tools to assess resiliency and sustainability investments, and representing MTA policies with stakeholders.

Responsibilities


The Manager would be responsible for ensuring that the results of these activities are presented in an accurate, understandable, and timely manner:
In conjunction with senior staff, the Manager will train and provide guidance to junior staff.
Identify and utilize best practices to develop and manage data sets and analytics.
Engage in wide-ranging policy making.
Manage all aspects of capital plans and strategies, including consultant teams contracted by MTA to assist in major planning initiatives.
Develop presentations, maps, graphics, and other public facing documentation. Manage review processes and finalize technical documents.
Gather, update, and analyze analytical data.
Manage the development and review of agency plans.

Education and Experience


A Bachelor's or Master's degree in Urban Planning, Engineering, Public Administration, Environmental Sciences, or a related field, with six (6) years of relevant experience, and preferably in transportation. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
Master's degree preferred.
AICP or PE certification/license a strong plus.
Strong supervisory and technical skills.
Understanding of and fluency with climate modelling, sustainability initiatives, and risk-based decision making.
Proficiency in climate policies, meteorology, data analytics, visualization tools, and spatial analysis.
Ability to perform in depth qualitative and quantitative analyses using a variety of tools and datasets.
Strong time and task management skills with ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines and maximize the output of a small staff.
Effective communication, written, verbal, and presentation skills.
Knowledge of the MTA regional network and operating context, as well as local, state and federal transportation and policies.
The ability to work with both senior level staff and technical personnel on a diverse array of issues.
The ability to interface with public stakeholders, including senior political and business representatives.

Other Information


As an MTA Construction & Development employee, you may be required to complete the New York State financial disclosure statement – annually if your position earns $101,379 (this figure is subject to change) per year if the position is designated as a policymaker.
Selection Criteria
Based on evaluation of education, skills, experience, and interview.

How To Apply


Qualified applicants can submit an online application



Equal Employment Opportunity


MTA and its subsidiary and affiliated agencies are Equal Opportunity Employers, including with respect to veteran status and individuals with disabilities.
The MTA encourages qualified applicants from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and abilities, including military service members, to apply.
