Job title: - Business Analyst with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Finance & Operations
Duration: Full-time
Summary:
Client is committed to delivering industry-leading product and digital solutions and best-in-class customer service.
At the core of these industry-leading solutions is an innovation engine in need of additional capacity and design talent within our IT organization.
In this strategically important, growth-oriented position, we are seeking Business Analysts who enjoy inspiring the future and understand how to apply solid development principles and knowledge to create excellent processes and user experiences via software solutions.
The ideal candidates for this role are passionate about improving end-user experiences and thrive on the challenges of solving the high-profile needs of a growing business...and will bring a track record of success in building solutions to create competitive advantage.
As a member of an expanding cross-functional team, they will work collaboratively to lead top initiatives to implement best practices and deliver ERP, CRM, web, and eCommerce solutions that allow internal departments and external partners to use technology solutions and data more productively.
As an owner of projects, the ideal candidates will also have experience in leading the full system development life cycle and working closely with key stakeholders in a fast-paced, agile environment.
Overall, if delivering innovative, technical solutions to business challenges is your “thing,” then this is the perfect job for you! Key Accountabilities.
Determine operational objectives by studying business functions (ex: operations, purchasing, inventory, distribution, and customer service); gathering information, evaluating output requirements and formats.
Suggest changes to organization leaders and additional stakeholders to support solution-improvement recommendations; actively participate in the implementation of approved changes and leverage effective usage of business systems to drive functional those improvements.
Improve systems by studying current practices, designing modifications.
Design and champion the development of custom software integrations and solutions; lead projects and set functional and technical specifications; gather business requirements and write functional design documents for system enhancements; construct workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications.
Create rich, user-centric solutions and assist with developing UX/UI requirements along with the business logic and data needs.
Lead projects and set application specifications by reviewing a variety of areas (ex: operations, purchasing, inventory, distribution, and customer service)
Troubleshoot process and application issues and propose solutions; identify/set test cases and conduct unit/integration testing.
Define project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project teams; establishing project budgets.
Create informative, actionable, and repeatable reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement.
Job Requirements.
Bachelor’s degree in information systems, business administration, finance, accounting or a closely related field from an accredited college or university Experience with top ERP and CRM solutions; Microsoft Dynamics AX and Dynamics CRM a plus Microsoft SQL experience strongly preferred.
Experience transforming customer requirements into a workable design at the functional and/or technical levels.
Experience organizing workload to meet deadlines and work in a fast-paced environment; willing to set strategy and be hands on
Experience working and thriving in a team-oriented, collaborative environment while effecting change without being confrontational
Detailed oriented, analytical, and inquisitive
Understanding of software development concepts
Experience with conducting and creating cost/benefit analyses and business cases
Project management experience preferred
Top skills & proficiencies:
Software-solution design to Analysis of Teamwork of Process improvement of Communication, Problem solving, Critical thinking of Relationship building Capabilities and Success Factors
Flexibility/situational adaptability – love for learning new things
Customer focus w/ strong problem-solving skills
Proven track record of learning new systems, processes and identifying improvement opportunities
Proven track record of prioritizing requirements and creating conceptual prototypes and mock-ups
Facilitation experience in conducting user design / review sessions and running stakeholder agreement meetings
Strong mastery of strategic business process modelling
Exceptional organization and delivery skills
Ability to operate in a fast paced, agile environment.
Demonstrated bias towards innovation and new technologies and solutions.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $60,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
Tips
Experience:
Business analysis: 5 years (Preferred)
Microsoft Dynamics 365: 5 years (Required)
ERP systems: 5 years (Required)
SQL: 5 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91 7908533329
