Delivering solutions to today’s problems means leveraging business acumen while carefully analyzing data to understand changes in the world around us. The Data Analytics Manager is a key leader in guiding and supporting a team of Data Analysts to deliver data reporting solutions that meet business needs.
What You’ll Do
Manages a team of data analysts. Train, develop and manage performance of associates.
Leads discussion with team members and business areas to fully understand complex business unit processes and their data needs.
Leads the design, development, implementation, and maintenance of business intelligence solutions.
Conducts analysis and monitors key business metrics for changes and trends, investigates unexpected results and communicates findings to internal customers.
Directs team to develop sophisticated data solutions by determining effective and efficient data structure and verifying output matches expected outcomes.
Demonstrates expertise and develops team skills in multiple coding languages and software applications, including cloud analytics solutions.
What it Takes
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience focused on data analytics, data science, mathematics, actuarial or computer science.
Minimum 7 years related work experience
Advanced programming skills in a relevant language
Demonstrated understanding of data systems and tools used for business intelligence. Experience with data visualization tools strongly preferred.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, including analytical and research ability.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize and complete assignments.
What You’ll Receive
At Sentry, your total rewards go beyond competitive compensation. Below are some benefits and perks that you’ll receive.
Sentry is happy to offer flexibility through a scheduled Hybrid work model. Monday and Friday work from home if you choose to, Tuesday through Thursday in office.
Generous Paid-Time Off plan for you to enjoy time out of the office.
401(K) plan with a dollar for dollar match on your first eight percent, plus immediate vesting to help strengthen your financial future.
Group Medical, Dental, Vision and Life insurance to encourage a healthy lifestyle.
Extensive Work-Life Resources to lend a helping hand.
Sentry Foundation gift matching program to encourage charitable giving.
Continue your education and career development through Sentry University (SentryU).
About Sentry:
We take great pride in making Forbes’ list of America’s Best Midsize Employers since 2017. A lot of different factors go into that honor, many of which contribute to your job satisfaction.
Our bright future is built on a long track record of success. We got our start in 1904 and have been helping businesses succeed and protect their futures ever since. Because of the trust placed in us, we’re one of the largest and financially strongest mutual insurance companies in the United States. We’re rated A+ by A.M. Best, the industry's leading rating authority.
Our headquarters is in Stevens Point, Wisconsin, with offices located throughout the United States. From sales to claims, and information technology to marketing, we enjoy a rewarding and challenging work environment with opportunities for ongoing professional development and growth.
Get ready to own your future at Sentry. Opportunities await!
Talent Acquisition Specialist
Thank you for your interest in Sentry!
Katelynne.Rivera@Sentry.com
Equal Employment Opportunity
Sentry is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy that there be no discrimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, age, marital status, or sexual orientation.
