
Job Description
Full-time •  Competitive Pay • Excellent Benefits • Work From Anywhere in the Continental U.S.
Starts August 3, 2020 or sooner;  ends Nov. 30, 2020.
Application deadline July 6, 2020 at 12pm ET.
Description
We are open to hiring junior or senior Data Analyst or Data Scientist, so please apply to this posting even if you believe you may be overqualified.
MoveOn is a diverse and vibrant community of millions of people working together to create progressive change in America. We are an innovative campaigning organization that supports people throughout the country to take action through driving impactful campaigns that influence the behavior of people and institutions, shape the outcomes of elections, and expand the realities of what’s possible. We organize to challenge entrenched power, while pursuing economic, racial, and social justice and a vision of a country in which everyone can thrive.
MoveOn has a particularly important role to play in the Trump era. We are working to defeat Donald Trump and the GOP in 2020 by building a powerful, multiracial, and economic populist movement that will give voters something to vote for, not just against—and we’re also working to defend communities that are on the front lines of Trump and GOP attacks, including immigrants, people of color, the LGBTQ community, and women. In service of that mission, in 2020 and beyond, MoveOn will drive impactful, movement-connected, multichannel, nimble campaigns aimed at impact.
The Data Analyst or Data Scientist will support MoveOn’s core 2020 election programs through the testing and analysis of analytics-based interventions, with the goals of maximizing volunteer engagement, increasing vote-by-mail applications, supporting our peer-to-peer fundraising program, and increasing turnout for Joe Biden and Democrats in the November election.
 
Responsibilities may include …
Identifying, designing, and deploying analytics-based tactics that support MoveOn’s goal of defeating Donald Trump in November.
Conducting statistical analyses to identify best target audiences for various programs.
Evaluating the heterogeneous treatment impacts of alternative messages on subsets of our targeted populations of voters.
Designing and running randomized controlled trials to test innovative interventions to increase volunteer engagement and voter turnout.
Developing visualizations to communicate results and enhance campaign efforts.
Supporting fundraising initiatives to raise money for MoveOn and progressive candidates.
 
To be a successful candidate, you will …
Have experience working in data analytics & statistics, specifically with large databases.
Be passionate about using analytics to drive progressive change.
Be clear about what you know and seek help for things you don’t know. We don’t expect you to be an expert in everything, but we do want someone who is willing to ask questions when needed.
Be a good communicator. The analysis work you conduct will help inform programmatic decisions for other teams across MoveOn. Being able to communicate results is critical to maximizing the impact of your work.
Be aware of data limitations. The data that forms the foundation of much of our analysis often has inherent biases that disproportionately impact marginalized or underrepresented populations. Being aware of and mitigating these biases when possible is important to help ensure that we aren’t leaving people out or exacerbating biases when implementing results in our programs.
 
Requirements
1+ years experience creating statistical models or applying machine learning in classification or predictive applications using statistical programming software like R, Python, Stata, or SAS.
Working with large datasets.
Communicating technical results with a nontechnical audience.
Preferred but not required: designing and implementing randomized controlled trials.
 
Reports to: Director of Analytics
Location: Position may be based anywhere in the continental United States. May require occasional travel.
Classification, Salary, and Benefits: Full-time, competitive salary including benefits such as 100%-employer-paid premiums for medical, dental, and vision insurance for all staff and their children; employer-paid premiums for life insurance; four weeks accrued paid vacation time per year, prorated for the period that you work; 18 weeks of paid parental leave (birth, adoption, foster care placement of a child), 10 days accrued paid sick time prorated for the period that you work, and paid family medical leave; staff holidays, professional development budget of $1,000, monthly cell phone and internet reimbursement of $175 per month, home office subsidy, and everything needed for a home office.
MoveOn.org Civic Action and MoveOn.org Political Action provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
How to Apply
https://front.moveon.org/careers/?gh_jid=2231410


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: remote and temporary.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




