The Position:
The Business Operations Analyst supports corporate objectives through the execution of various property and casualty insurance centralized underwriting and operational tasks. Analysts provide internal and external customer service in multiple areas utilizing various software and processes. This role will be responsible for analyzing key pieces of information and determining the appropriate course of action to ensure Service Level Agreements (SLAs) are met. The position requires strong communication and collaboration skills, as there is daily interaction with internal business units, external stakeholders, and international teams.
Job Responsibilities:
Underwriting support
Submission Clearance
Policy & Endorsement Issuance
Auto Rating
Coverage Specific Data Processing
Operational Support
Workers’ Compensation Reporting/Filings/Notices
Motor Vehicle Filings
Client Notification Issuance
Bureau CRIT research and resolution
Other Business Operations Support as needed
Required Skills/Experience:
Strong analytical and problem solving ability
Detail-oriented
Customer-focused
Collaborative and team-oriented
Self directed showing personal accountability and sense of urgency
Strong communication and organizational skills
Desired Skills/Experience:
Proficient with MS Word, Excel, Outlook
0-2 Years experience in same or related field preferred
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred
The Company:
Arch Insurance is a global insurer offering our clients superior coverage and service. We embody the Arch guiding principle of focusing on retaining experienced and talented employees to differentiate us from the rest of the pack. Our group operates from offices in the US, Canada, Bermuda, UK, and Australia, providing specialty risk solutions to clients worldwide across a wide range of industries. With nearly 20 years of operating history and strong financial ratings, our track record remains solid.

Arch Insurance employs a disciplined underwriting approach and prudent risk selection across all types of business. Our mission is to provide our insureds with superb coverage and claims handling through careful and diligent underwriting of risks and business-friendly solutions. Across our global operations, Arch Insurance employees are ready to meet your needs with professionalism and excellence.
