Location:
Green Bay, WI
Shift:
First shift
Job ID:
220927
Schedule:
Full time; M- F 800AM- 500PM

Schneider is seeking an Engineering and Data Science Manager to join our thriving team! In this role you will manage the data science, optimization and artificial intelligence services of the assigned function or department within the organization. You'll also collaborate with your team to develop and conduct work programs in accordance with company's policies, priorities and budget.
About the role:
Development and implementation of D4 (Dynamic Data Driven Decisions) models and components utilizing technologically advanced Data Science, Optimization and AI algorithms and techniques
Lead the use of complex data science or optimization analysis for specific business problems or questions. Understand the uses and limitations of statistical and optimization methodologies
Interpret engineering results and present customer specific solutions through written and oral proposals and presentations
Direct the work of two or more associates
Maintain consistent attendance while exhibiting behavior in alignment with our core values
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401(k) savings with a company funded retirement plan. We also offer a results-based incentive pay program where you can earn above and beyond your base pay. Schneider values individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for, you will love it here!
Ideal candidates will have:
Bachelor degree with an emphasis in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Data Science or Statistics
Master degree with an emphasis in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering Mathematics, Data Science or Statistics is preferred
Minimum of five years of combined business and engineering experience
Expertise in the use of complex data science or optimization analysis
Diversity, Equality and Inclusion
Our history has taught us that treating everyone with dignity and respect is vital to our ongoing success. We embrace and seek out diversity that is inclusive of thought, race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, age, religion, sexual orientation, ability, medical condition, veteran or military status, experience and background. We find that this diversity and openness ensures that all our associates have equal access to opportunities and resources to contribute fully to the organization’s success, and it fuels innovation, improves strategic thinking and cultivates leadership.

Come to an upcoming recruiting event
Find events near you
