Job Title: Sr. Business Intelligence Developer (VS171709926)
Location: Seattle, WA
U.S. Citizens, those authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship, are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor or transfer visas at this time.
We cannot consider subcontractors for this role.
Overview Description:
We're hiring a Sr. Business Intelligence developer for a contract-to-hire role in Seattle. This person will be responsible for developing reports, dashboards, ETL, and analytics. If you’re interested in working for a company with a green philosophy, this is a great opportunity for you. Work will be partially remote.
Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Requirements:
PowerBI
SQL Server
C#
SSIS
ETL
Data Warehouse knowledge
Data-centric; detail oriented; data validation experience
Disclaimer - This job description is not intended to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice.
Pay Range: $65 - $80 per hour
All MACRO.CCS employees accrue PTO. All full-time employees ( >30 hours/week) are eligible for paid Medical (84%), Dental (100%), Life (100%) and Long-Term Disability (100%) insurance benefits.
We are an Affirmative Action/EEO Employer who values workplace diversity.
Ready to apply? Great!We’re so excited to learn more about you. Once you’ve submitted your resume for consideration, we recommend you check your email (and spam folder) for a confirmation email from us. This typically goes out within one business day of your application. Can’t find that email confirmation? It’s likely ended up in your Spam folder and requires that you white-list emails from @macroccs.com so that you can receive future communications from our recruiting team.
MACRO.CCS has spent the last 32 years building meaningful relationships with both clients and candidates alike. With offices located in Seattle & Los Angeles, we are industry experts delivering computer solutions, contract technical expertise, and direct-hire placement services to both public and private organizations throughout the West Coast. We are constantly looking for great people to join our team. To learn more about the work we do, technology trends we see, benefits we offer, or how your career might be enhanced by working with MACRO.CCS, visit us at www.macroccs.com.
Job ID: VS171709926
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $65.00 - $80.00 per hour
Benefits:
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Seattle, WA 98134
