Job Title: Business Analyst CRM
Location: Philadelphia(Onsite)
Client: Macquarie
Job Description:
You will join as an experienced Business Analyst and will work in a dynamic and global environment where you will be responsible for communication between our business users/management in the Americas region and our CRM Product Team. You will clearly articulate and solve business issues using existing and potentially new features or capabilities within the Salesforce platform.
You will work closely with other team members interacting with a range of stakeholders, including senior members of the business team, to gather and analyze data to identify and determine business cases, trends, and statistics. You will act as one of the main points of contact for all Americas Salesforce users. You will assist in gathering of business requirement documentation, including process mapping, and supporting business outcomes, whilst assisting in project execution across all disciplines including project management, analysis, solution design, business acceptance testing, and change management.
Your ability to clearly communicate between the business and technical specialists will enable you to excel in this role. You will have excellent written and oral communication skills, be a highly motivated, proactive, and resilient individual. You will demonstrate sound business judgement and possess strong interpersonal skills which will help you liaise with stakeholders at all levels. Fundamentally, you will be solution driven and focused on getting to done for the next most valuable action on the platform.
Proven prior experience in the Financial Services and asset management industry will be valuable to be a key player on this team. Whereas prior experience and knowledge of Salesforce is not a requirement for this opportunity, your strong learning mindset, inquisitive nature, and ability to learn new concepts quickly will help you succeed in this role.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Philadelphia, MS 39350: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
