UCC is hiring!
POWER BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER
9month - 1 year Contracted Service
.
UCC is looking for a Business Intelligence Developer to assist in designing and building our future reporting systems within Microsoft Power BI.
The right candidate will have a technical background, excellent problem-solving skills, experience interfacing with users and documenting business processes. The candidate should be able to drive reporting requests from initial scoping through release to production.
If you are looking for an opportunity to bring advanced reporting to a legacy system environment where you can make an impact, this project is for you.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Performs programming and programming design of computer managed business processes and according to departmental needs for the college.
Provides research, analysis, development, and support for Power BI solutions as they relate to the ERP system.
Creates and maintains documentation for ERP functions as related to data warehouse
May train end users in the proper use of applications and business processes of the specific module assignment.
CONTRACT DURATION: 9 months – 1 year
.
.
.
The Douglas County community through UCC is building upon 50+ years of rich academic experiences and lives changed through higher education. We are a student-centered, positive working environment that thrives on innovation. We are committed to ensuring that everyone who interacts with our campus feels included, valued, and inspired to fulfill our mission to transform lives and enrich communities.
Umpqua Community College is located in beautiful Southern Oregon between the mountains of the Cascade Range to the east and the Coastal Range to the west. Hiking, biking, camping and skiing are a short car ride away and the town is surrounded on all sides by the amazing Umpqua River for fishing and water sports. The area is also home to over 40 wineries and many breweries with a bustling downtown. Roseburg has everything you’d want from a small town and has easy access to the bigger cities of Portland and Eugene by jumping on I-5. Roseburg has live-ability, a friendly feel and is ready to be home to your next career and family adventure.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $50.00 per hour
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekend availability
Experience:
Microsoft Power BI: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
