Data science at the National Security Agency (NSA) is a multi-disciplinary field that uses elements of mathematics, statistics, computer science, and application-specific knowledge to gather, make, and communicate principled conclusions from data. Data science is present in every aspect of the mission. NSA Data Scientists tackle challenging real-world problems leveraging big data, high-performance computing, machine learning, and a breadth of other methodologies. We are looking for critical thinkers, problem solvers, and motivated individuals who are enthusiastic about data and believe that answers to hard questions lie in the yet-to-be-told story of diverse, complicated data sets. You will employ your mathematical science, computer science, and quantitative analysis skills to develop solutions to complex data problems and take full advantage of NSA's capabilities to tackle the highest priority foreign intelligence and cybersecurity challenges. As a Data Scientist, your responsibilities may include: - Exploratory data analysis and exploratory model-fitting to reveal data features of interest - Machine-learned predictive modeling - Construct usable data sets from multiple sources to meet customer needs - Identifying and analyzing anomalous data (including metadata) - Developing conceptual design and models to address mission requirements - Developing qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing datasets in various states. - Performing analytic modeling, scripting, and/or programming - Working collaboratively and iteratively throughout the data-science lifecycle - Designing and developing analytics and techniques for analysis - Analyzing data using mathematical and statistical methods - Evaluating, documenting, and communicating research processes, analyses, and results to customers, peers, and leadership - Creating interpretable visualizations.
Job Summary
Data scientists are hired into positions either directly supporting a technical mission office or into the Data Science Development Program (DSDP). For the former, you will have the opportunity to collaborate with NSA's experts in the field of data science and other computational disciplines while tackling NSA's highest priority mission challenges. You will have opportunities to attend technical conferences with experts internally and from industry and academia as well as discuss and share NSA's challenges and successes at technical roundtables. The Data Science Development Program (DSDP) is a three-year opportunity to develop and enhance your data science skills. Participants experience the breadth of data science at NSA through six- to nine-month assignments in a variety of diverse organizations, and collaborate with NSA's experts in the field of data science. You will have opportunities to attend technical conferences with experts from industry and academia, and you will routinely discuss and share NSA's challenges and successes at weekly technical roundtables. You will study data science and related subjects taught by NSA experts. We foster an environment where you will develop your data science skills, while quickly contributing to NSA's highest priority mission challenges. Graduates of the DSDP may choose their first permanent assignments from any of the NSA Directorates.
Qualifications
The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Applicants who meet minimum qualifications may be asked to complete the Data Science Examination (DSE) evaluating their knowledge of statistics, mathematics, and computer science topics that pertain to data science work. Passing this examination is a requirement in order to be considered for selection into a data scientist position. Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, library, and life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics, linear algebra, and calculus based statistics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count. Note: Degrees in related fields will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. ENTRY/DEVELOPMENTAL Entry is with a Bachelor's degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 2 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Relevant experience must be in one or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, computational science, software engineering, or data engineering.
FULL PERFORMANCE Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 5 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, computational science, software engineering, or data engineering.
SENIOR Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 4 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 2 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 8 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, computational science, software engineering, or data engineering.
EXPERT Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 9 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 7 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 5 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 11 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, computational science, software engineering, or data engineering.
Competencies
The ideal candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytical, and interpersonal skills. You might be a great fit for our team if the following describes you: - Completed a degree program in the fields of mathematics, statistics, computer science, computational sciences, or a passion for rigorous analysis of data - Tenacity, integrity, persistence, and willingness to learn - Ability to solve complex problems - Use critical thinking and reasoning to make analytic determinations - Works effectively in a collaborative environment - Strong communications skills to both technical and non-technical audiences
Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule
Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position. This is a full-time position. This position is hiring for the Maryland location. Salary ranges vary by work level. Salary range: $74,682 - $176,300 (Entry/Full Performance/Senior/Expert) On the job training, internal NSA courses, and external training will be made available based on the need and experience of the selectee. Monday - Friday, with basic 8 hr/day requirements between 0600 to 1800 (flexible).
How to apply
U.S. Citizenship is required for all applicants. NSA is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations. All applicants and employees are subject to random drug testing in accordance with Executive Order 12564. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph. Due to time sensitive communications regarding your application, please ensure your spam filters are configured to accept email from noreply@intelligencecareers.gov. Please review the job posting thoroughly to ensure you meet the described qualifications and are aware of all associated requirements. To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply' button located at the top right of this posting. After completing the application for the first time, or reviewing previously entered information, and clicking the 'Submit' button, you will receive a confirmation email. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible, as job postings could close earlier than the closing date due to sufficient number of applicants, or the position is no longer available. You may be asked a series of questions depending on the position you apply for. Your responses will be used as part of the application screening process and will assist in determining your eligibility for the position. Be sure to showcase within your resume those experiences relevant to this position. Failure to provide the required information or providing inaccurate information will result in your application not being considered for this position. Only those applicants who meet all position qualifications, may be contacted to begin employment processing. Please remain diligent in monitoring email and your SPAM folder. Reasonable accommodations may be provided to applicants with disabilities during the application and hiring process where appropriate. Please visit our Diversity link for more information. This position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you may be asked to submit documents verifying your eligibility.
DCIPS Disclaimer
The National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the DoD Intelligence Community Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). All positions in the NSA are in the Excepted Services under 10 United States Codes (USC) 1601 appointment authority.
