Leads in gathering business and functional requirements and developing and implementing programs, projects, and initiatives that enhance overall business operations, communication, and workflow efficiencies. Project management experience as well as Yardi, Entrata, or RealPage knowledge is highly preferred.

JOB DESCRIPTION
Evaluates, recommends, and develops business process improvements and enhancements, including developing detailed workflow diagrams, charts, and project plans from concept through implementation.
Conducts detailed needs assessments for proposing systems and/or business solutions by communicating with senior business leaders, team members, and others, and researching technology and systems options that align with the Company’s technology and systems needs and strategies.
Oversee the acquisition, set-up, and on-going support of recommended property hardware and configuration.
Coordinates and assists in supervising systems upgrades, conversion, and installations by evaluating and recommending upgrades based on business needs and requirements.
Ensures compliance with systems development methodology standards and procedures.
Oversee and/or assist with gathering system requirements, design, development, testing, and system roll-out, including preparing senior management reporting on results.
Develops technical reports, documents, user support, and technical manuals to support systems and software training, and prepares detailed functional program specifications for reports, interfaces and other modules.
May supervise and provide leadership to novice Business & Systems Analysts, and completes various financial, accounting, administrative, and other reports and analysis, and performs other duties as assigned or as necessary.
#LI-RS1
Depending on the position offered, regular full-time and part-time team members may be eligible to participate in a bonus program in addition to their base salary. Once eligible, team members may participate in the 401k plan. Regular, full-time team members are also offered a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits from which to choose.
Greystar will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
