Engineering Manager I - Data Science
The mission of the Data Science team is to improve observability, efficiency, security, and drive business growth for Datadog customers by augmenting Datadog products with smarter and differentiated solutions. This includes designing and building algorithmically driven features in the Datadog app. We work across a range of applications, primarily focusing on analysis on streaming data such as anomaly detection, error outliers and faulty deployment analysis.

The Opportunity
As an Engineering Manager I in the Data Science org, you will lead and grow a team of Data Scientists and Software Engineers to help build and improve the growing suite of Watchdog products and features. You will work closely with our engineering and product partners to prioritize and solve high-impact customer problems by augmenting Datadog products with Watchdog features. You'll be responsible for the strategy and execution of the product while developing and growing a team of talented engineers and data scientists.

At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.

What You'll Do:
Lead and develop a talented team of software engineers and data scientists, who are responsible for building the product, including data collection, data processing and serving, and data visualization
Lead the team on developing machine learning and statistical algorithms to help our customers learn from their data and make better decisions in real-time.
Collaborate with stakeholder teams to develop joint roadmaps that provide the underlying primitives required to execute the vision of the product
Work closely with product management and design teams to create intuitive, powerful and beautiful user workflows that best leverage the vast amount of information being collected
Ensure the development and continuous improvement of a scalable and reliable architecture that can keep up with the growth of the product in a sustainable manner

Who You Are:
You have 2+ years management experience, managing software engineers and/or data scientists
You have 5+ years of work experience with data science, backend engineering or machine learning engineering.
Experienced in working and communicating effectively in a fast-paced, high growth, distributed organization
You have partnered with product management and design teams in the past to set the vision and strategy for your projects
You have a track record of motivating teams by setting clear and ambitious goals, and providing the support and coaching required to achieve them
You have worked on large scale distributed systems and/or real-time data processing pipelines

Datadog values people from all walks of life. We know not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you're passionate about technology and want to grow your experience, we encourage you to apply.

Benefits & Growth:
New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)
Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing
Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking
An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)
Access to Inclusion Talks, our internal panel discussions
Free, global mental health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+
Competitive global benefits

Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.

Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more #DatadogLife on Instagram, LinkedIn and Datadog Learning Center.
The reasonably estimated salary for this role at Datadog ranges from $200,000 - $240,000, plus a competitive equity package, and may include variable compensation. Actual compensation is based on factors such as the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Datadog offers a wide range of best in class, comprehensive and inclusive employee benefits for this role including healthcare, dental, parental planning, and mental health benefits, a 401(k) plan and match, paid time off, fitness reimbursements, and a discounted employee stock purchase plan.

#LI-AG4
About Datadog:
Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers' entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on Instagram, LinkedIn and Datadog Learning Center.
Equal Opportunity at Datadog:
Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
Your Privacy:
Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog's Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.
