Company Description Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect millions of entrepreneurs with millions of buyers around the world. As an Etsy Inc. employee whether a team member of Etsy, Reverb, Depop, or Elo7 you'll tackle unique, meaningful, and large-scale problems alongside passionate coworkers, all the while making a rewarding impact and Keeping Commerce Human.
Job Description

What's the role?
Etsy is seeking a Director of Engineering to lead our Data Applications and Services teams within Data Engineering. Data Engineering’s mission is to make it easy for product, machine learning, marketing, and finance to leverage data.
We are looking for an experienced engineering Director who is capable of leading a growing engineering department with multiple managers and squads, comfortable running teams with multiple stakeholders who often have competing priorities, and experienced with building big data products and services for internal business and engineering customers.
You will collaborate with our stakeholders across product, engineering, analytics, marketing, and finance to ensure that our data products are meeting our customers’ needs. This is a new role, with a lot of opportunity to be creative, build and scale for the future, and materially improve the user experience. The work on our teams includes ownership and development of high leverage and critical commonly used streaming and batch datasets, a reimagined data search and discovery experience, and reporting and data visualization tooling.
This is a full-time position reporting to the VP of Engineering and the base salary range will be 239,000 - 310,000 USD per year. In addition to salary, you will also be eligible for an equity package, an annual performance bonus, and our competitive benefits that support you and your family as part of your total rewards package at Etsy. For this role, we are considering candidates based in the United States who are either remote, flex or office-based. Etsy offers different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team. Learn more about our flexible work options and vaccination policy here
What's this team like at Etsy?
The Data Applications and Services team is responsible for our most customer-facing services such as tools for data visualization, data search and discoverability, and critical business datasets.
This team partners with the Data Infrastructure teams within Data Engineering and requires extensive Big Data experience in a large-scale environment.
What does the day-to-day look like?
You will have the opportunity to set and drive the future technical direction of Etsy’s Data Engineering strategy.
You’ll be managing three teams that are collectively responsible for our most customer-facing data engineering products and services that we build on top of our batch, streaming, and data collection infrastructure.
You will collaborate with our product management team to craft plans that achieve our business goals while scaling the platform to match the growth of the business.
You will be responsible for collaborating across teams to meet shared goals. This team's key partners include other product teams, finance, data science, and other teams within data engineering.
Under your leadership, the team will be responsible for the full user experience related to searching and exploring data at Etsy and delivering a growing library of business-critical datasets that power reporting for our Executive team, critical business insights for product teams, and machine learning algorithms that power user-facing features on Etsy.com
Of course, this is just a sample of the kinds of work this role will require! You should assume that your role will encompass other tasks, too, and that your job duties and responsibilities may change from time to time at Etsy’s discretion, or otherwise applicable with local law.

Qualifications

Qualities that will help you thrive in this role are:
You have experience leading teams that build data products and services for internal customers with extensive experience in large-scale big data environments.
Ideally, you have previous data engineering experience, and are familiar with industry trends and challenges.
You are comfortable working with groups outside engineering and translating high-level business requirements into technical architecture. You should also be able to comfortably communicate about the technical details of our tools and stack.
You have a consistent track record of recruiting both managers and engineers.
You are an excellent coach, mentor, and developer of both managers and engineers.
You value people who are curious, enthusiastic, generous, and responsible.

Additional Information

What's Next

If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please share your resume with us and feel free to include a cover letter if you'd like. As we hope you've seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So tell us what you're all about.

Our Promise

At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace furthersrelevance, resilience, and longevity. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If, due to a disability, you need an accommodation during any part of the interview process, please let your recruiter know. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skills.

For U.S. roles only:

Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska.
