Director of Data Analytics and Technology
Remote
JOB DESCRIPTION
Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) is the nation’s largest organization exclusively representing the Black College Community. TMCF member-schools include the publicly supported Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Predominantly Black Institutions (PBIs).
The Director of Data Analytics and Technology will lead in the areas of data reporting and technology solutions for the Scholarships Division, including but not limited to developing the infrastructure of the student award process and pursuit of continuous improvement of automated systems and services within the division.
REPORTS TO:
AVP of Scholarships and Programs
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Monitors all phases of all automated systems to assure accurate and timely operation and function (i.e., tracking, awarding, disbursement, etc.).
Coordinates and maintains the reporting, programming, and processing schedules pertinent to all automated systems and services.
Tests and trouble-shoots existing, updated, and new systems and services as well as maintains the competency to correct or recommend technical solutions, in a quick and timely manner.
Assists in ensuring the integrity and quality control of data into and output from scholarship management systems.
Provides training for staff of all updated and new automated systems, processes and services, and participates in the development of quality assurance assessments and support of scholarships division projects.
Directly supervises a staff of full-time, and/or temporary employees and will likely work closely with consultants under contract with the organization.
Deliver projects accurately and on time and frequently collaborates as needed with Finance and Information Systems units.
Assists in researching and proposing procedural and automated changes to improve accountability, workflow, and efficiency of all office functions.
Communicates potential problems, changes or systemic issues that may impact current or new processes.
Coordinates the reporting, programming, and processing schedules of all automated systems.
Maintains a working knowledge of industry policies and procedures which govern aid programs by staying current via Dept. of Education and professional organization handbooks, journals, communications, list serves and training sessions.
Maintains thorough, accurate, and updated written policies and procedures for technology as well as a functional calendar for system updates, projects recurring maintenance, annual system set-up, etc.
Works with internal and external stakeholders to develop and manage data and inform scholarship strategies.
Supports strategic modernization initiatives and manage the adoption of new data models, data technology, and information processes and drive data awareness in the organization.
Provides support to the Finance and Information Systems Division, as needed.
Nurtures and supports a strong data management culture with technology, high-quality implementations, self-motivated innovation, problem-solving and evolving and institutionalizing behaviors for the appropriate use of information within the organization.
Displays a high degree of proficiency in data management and data analytics methodologies and technologies including but not limited to - understanding of enterprise data warehouse, big data, business information & analytics, content management and data management.
Identifies and tests hypotheses, ensuring statistical significance, and builds predictive models for business application.
Translates quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences, providing a clear view into interpreting the data.
Performs other duties as assigned.
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS
10+ years of experience in data science, analytics operations at scale, information technology, partner operations, finance, business planning, and/or equivalent experience
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or related field (Required)
Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or related field (Preferred)
Minimum 3 years in data governance role
Demonstrated team management, project management, leadership, and cross-group collaboration skills
Demonstrated strong understanding of data management concepts, principles, best practices and associated business processes and tools
Strong Knowledge and experience managing data in higher education, preferably at a four-year public institution (HBCU or PBI)
Desire to operate at the intersection of technology and business, supporting organizational, operational, and technological change
Demonstrated hypothesis-driven, problem-solving orientation with ability to leverage both quantitative and qualitative analyses to drive decision making
Strong oral and written communication skills and ability to formulate and deliver insights around complex business problems in a thoughtful and persuasive manner
Have a strong background in leading people with the ability to inspire confidence in senior leaders and motivate teams
Exceptionally strong personal initiative and good business instincts
Deep understanding of analytics and business technology markets, trends, and dynamics
Ability to manage multiple simultaneous high-priority projects (often including project management of cross-functional virtual teams)
SPECIAL DEMANDS
Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job demands.
Travel required: 25% Travel is primarily locally during the business day, although some out of the area travel and overnight may be expected.
Maintain strict confidentiality of employee data, business activities, key information, etc.
Ability to lift 15 pounds
Additional Information
Employee Type: Full-time
Manages Others: Yes
Location: Remote
Pay: $ 75,000- $91,000
Start Date: TBD
Benefits: Health, Dental, FSA, 403(b), 10 % Bonus Potential
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $91,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Weekend availability
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location: Remote
