Clampitt Paper Company - Dallas, TX is searching for a full-time Business Intelligence Development. This position reports to the Senior Director, IT.
The Business Intelligence Developer will be instrumental in the development implementation of BI solutions, using QlikView, and IBM SQL that provides timely, accurate, and meaningful information to key users.
Duties:
Capture business, technical and operational requirements and create/communicate Cloud/Business Intelligence solution options.
Apply best industry practices to sucessfully design, build and implement solutions to meet business needs.
Ensure reporting compliance with corporate objectives for data security, integrity, quality, performance, management, scalability, and reliability.
Develop quality control measures, testing measures, and accuracy of data standards.
Prototyping solutions, preparing test scripts, and conducting tests and for extraction, loading, cleansing, and data modeling.
Help IT services team answer calls and support clients as needed or in downtime.
Perform basic technical services as needed during BI Development downtime.
Qualifications:
Possess exceptional Qlikview Developer skills to work with cross-functional team.
Possess exceptional IBM SQL skills.
Nice to have financial and retail sales domain experience.
Hands on development experience in Qilkview, QlikSense, and Business Intelligence reporting with the ability to gather and translate report requirements.
Train others to leverage solutions developed in IT Services and other departments.
Create AdHoc SQL queries and provide input into best practices for report and universe development.
2 years experience developing Qlikview reporting platform designing and writing both data universes and reports.
3 years experience programming with SQL.
Strong written and vergal communiction skills.
Database skills IBM SQL, MetaData, and record transformation.
Required:
Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics.
3 years' experience in Business Intelligence.
Project management mindset with experience working in Agile type of environment.
A spirit of collaboration, teamwork, and transparent communication.
High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation).
Clampitt Paper Company offerings:
Comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off, group medical/dental/vision benefits, retirement plan.
Flexible scheduling allowing a work/life balance.
Unlimited growth opportunity.
You will become a part of an innovative environment.
Salary range for this role commensurate with experience.
Bonus/Incentive pay eligibility.
When submitting your resume, please include your salary expectations.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Dallas, TX 75247: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
Informatica: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Data warehouse: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
