Description
Do you have the career opportunities you want in your current role? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join the nation's largest provider of healthcare services with HCA Healthcare
We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including a competitive salary, excellent benefits package, and growth opportunities. Your benefits include 401k, PTO medical, dental, flex spending, life, disability, tuition reimbursement, employee discount program, employee stock purchase program, and student loan repayment. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.
You contribute to our success. Every role has an impact on our patients' lives and you have the opportunity to make a difference. We are looking for dedicated professionals like you to be a part of our Financial Analyst team. Join us in our efforts to better our community!
As a Business Analyst, you will be responsible for providing operational and financial analysis to SSC operational unit leaders and senior leadership. The Financial Analyst II generates and delivers variance analysis, reports key financial statistics, and assists business unit leaders in managing information effectively to optimize departmental efficiency and performance.
What you will do in this role:
Works closely with operations departments to assess and report performance.
Coordinates scheduled and ad hoc data and analysis requests across SSC operational units
Develop, test, and deliver scheduled and adhoc reports
Assists in the development of financial data collection and measurement tools within the SSC.
Proactively review and provide data analysis and financial impact assessments to support SSC operations
Prepares and analyzes monthly MORs.
Prepares uncompensated care projections and variance analysis for accounts receivable and net revenue performance.
Monitor defined reports and work with applicable departments to ensure AR is properly stated at month-end.
Creates and supports exception‐based report generation for all departments.
Assist in translating business reporting requirements to development staff.
Assist Manager in managing information effectively to improve departmental efficiency and performance.
Understands revenue cycle operations and technologies currently in place.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree with a focus in Accounting, Finance, Economics, or other Business‐related field, is required.
Equivalent work experience may substitute degree requirement
2-3 years of progressive accounting/finance or revenue cycle experience is required, preferably in the healthcare revenue cycle.
Basic SQL and/or Business Objects query writing experience preferred.
Parallon is an industry leader in revenue cycle services. We partner with over 650 hospitals and 2,400 physician practices nationwide. Our parent company, HCA Healthcare has been consistently named a World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere and is ranked in the Fortune 100. We are dedicated to ensuring our patients have the best experience even after they leave our facilities.
If you find this opportunity compelling, we encourage you to apply. We promptly review all applications. Highly qualified candidates will be directly contacted by a member of our team. We are actively interviewing so apply today!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
PAR-AFHP
LI-REMOTE
This position is incentive eligible.
