Company Overview
Spectrum is the nation’s fastest-growing mobile provider and leading internet provider. Our tech teams create, develop, and operate leading connectivity products serving nearly 100 million users and 500 million devices. We connect people to what’s next.

This position is eligible to work in a hybrid work model (combination of in-office and remote days).

JOB SUMMARY
The Database Administrator will actively engage and work with other entities within the Software Development/IT infrastructure, included but not limited to Mongo, SQL, Oracle, Storage Data Protection, Data Center, Networking and Architecture. The role will work closely project teams to deploy new solutions as well as innovate proof-of concepts efforts within the group.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience.
Focus on MongoDB/NoSQL/REDIS infrastructure and will facilitate the design and build.
Maintain and revise configuration and security standards, guidelines, and best practices for MongoDB technology.
Assist in the adoption of Cloud infrastructure platforms and the integration of a hybrid architecture.
Manage and maintain MongoDB database servers in all environments.
Performs installations and configurations of grid infrastructure, databases, clients etc.
Maintains access and security administration.
Implements and maintains backup and recovery strategies on Database Management Systems.
Supports multiple services and multiple databases of medium complexity with multiple concurrent users, ensuring control, integrity and accessibility of data.
Installs, configures and maintains High Availability Database solutions.
Setup and use of monitoring and diagnostic tools to identify/resolves the performance issues.
Troubleshoots alerts (alert log, Jobs, Disk Group, Tablespace etc.) and performance issues.
Performs capacity planning of server environments and provides recommendations to management to sustain business growth.
Implements and maintains Disaster Recovery (DR) methodologies and creates documentation.
Gathers business requirements and implements multiple projects along with the production support.
Creates standard operational procedures and templates.
Required Education
BA/BS in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field or equivalent work experience

Required Related Work Experience and Number of Years
3-6 years of Experience working with Mongo, Redis, Oracle and various database management systems in testing, implementation, maintenance and administration in a multiple platform environment

WORKING CONDITIONS
Office environment
24x7 on-call support IDB380 327224 327224BR
