New York, NY (preferable) or Remote Continental USA| Full Time
CKM is at the forefront of building products that inform strategic decision-making and drive operational improvement for customers. Our number one asset is our people, who shape the uniquely creative and energetic culture at CKM. Because we’re passionate about knowledge sharing and professional development, we give our employees ample opportunity to satisfy natural curiosity, access to the company’s expertise, plus the autonomy and authority to lead, design, and develop features. Our teams apply business intuition along with a diverse set of methods and algorithms, including but not limited to, statistical inference, machine learning, text mining, process mining, network analysis, and data visualization to improve operations.
We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist/Data Science Manager who will help us lead the way in solving critical business problems and derive valuable insights for our customers. The ideal candidate is capable of ingesting, processing and interpreting data sets that vary widely in size, structure, complexity, and dimensionality as well as leading teams who are capable of performing this type of work. The candidate should also possess a desire to foster strong relationships with our customers and be driven to help our customers achieve their goals.
Primarily, the candidate will be asked to help lead the delivery of our solutions to our customers, though at times the candidate may also be asked to research and develop new product capabilities. They are quick to adapt to new technology, and passionate about data-driven business problem solving for business operations. They also thrive in cross-functional teams and can clearly communicate technical concepts to non-technical individuals. The candidate will also be expected to manage and mentor junior data scientists.
Why we’ll love you:
At least 3-5 years of experience in data science or a related field
Excellent business instincts and a passion for empirical research and developing data driven solutions to difficult business questions
Passion for quantitative problem solving and developing data driven solutions to difficult business questions
Demonstrated proficiency in Python, SQL in a professional environment; experience with Java or Kotlin a plus
Skills in data cleaning, natural language processing, machine learning, time series, forecasting, visualization, network analysis, and distributed computing
Familiarity with database concepts and structures
Capabilities to lead the delivery of select workstreams/projects through code reviews leveraging computational tools such as GIT
Passionate about the research and contribution of data science innovations into a software product
Ability to scope client engagements and manage team deliverables
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses clearly
Fluent oral and written English communication skills
Self-starter and natural leader
Ability and willingness to travel from time to time (domestic and international); travel expected to be no more than 10% of time
Authorized to work in the US; sponsorship not required
Why you’ll love us:
Our team is diverse and intellectually curious, made up of people that you’ll genuinely enjoy spending time with
We’re fanatical about helping customers derive value from data and work on solving challenging problems within some of the world’s largest companies
We are a meritocracy and consistently promote from within
We move fast and are not afraid of evolving our tools, technology and thinking
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with your experience. At CKM, we celebrate our differences – they help our business thrive and our employees have fun. CKM Analytix is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national orientation, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, or veteran status.

Apply for this job
