RevolutionParts is dedicated to modernizing the auto industry through our parts e-commerce platform. And we are pretty great at it too! We have enabled thousands of dealerships to sell auto parts online by transforming the way buyers and sellers connect.

And not only are we dedicated to revolutionizing the auto industry; we are also passionate about building a revolutionary team. Our Revolutionaries (as we call ourselves) are talented humans who have a shared goal of delivering an exceptional product and customer experience. Plus, we have fun while doing it!

As the Director of Data Science, you will take ownership of developing from scratch and evolving this critical practice at RevolutionParts; ensuring we improve our decision making with a high level of precision that will drive value to our customers and increase revenue to RevolutionParts. You'll be joining a team of problem-solving achievers where everyone - including you - is striving to constantly build innovative and intuitive products that solve real market needs. You’ll be reporting directly to the CPO.

We are an incredibly supportive team - we all work, win, and learn together. If you want a clear-cut role with the same tasks for years, this is not for you. If you like to think big, can keep focused on priorities, and work on a variety of projects, we need you!
Responsibilities
This is an individual contributor role
Be a driving force in the creation of the data intelligence ecosphere
Identify the most important company problems to solve and work directly with senior leadership to get cross functional alignment in solving those problems
Drives projects with hands-on data science, analysis, or mathematical modeling
Proven ability to develop and socialize a compelling story that creates change
Evangelize the practice of data science and rigor around statistical concepts and practices
Help product managers design and analyze A/B tests
Gather, organize and interpret structured and unstructured data from multiple internal and external sources
Utilize advanced statistical techniques to create predictive models and creative analyses
Longer term, you’ll drive the design and implementation of ML capabilities across the organization
Requirements
5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist
History using Python or R for predictive modeling and data manipulation
Proven ability to communicate and present to non-technical audiences
Prior experience leading business-critical projects
History of using digital, marketing, customer, or product data
Team management experience is a plus
PhD/MS in Computer Science, Statistics, or another STEM-related field
Neural network experience is a plus
Machine Learning expertise required; Deep Learning or Natural Language Processing experience a plus
RevolutionParts is proud to provide all full-time Revolutionaries with a comprehensive employment package including competitive compensation, career development, benefits, 401K match, parental leave, and many more valuable perks. You can learn more about our core-value driven culture at our career page.

RevolutionParts is an Equal Opportunity Employer; we value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, family status, veteran status, or disability status.
