Department Summary:
DISH is a Fortune 200 company that continues to redefine the communications industry. Our legacy is innovation and a willingness to challenge the status quo, including reinventing ourselves. We disrupted the pay-TV industry in the mid-90s with the launch of the DISH satellite TV service, taking on some of the largest U.S. corporations in the process, and grew to be the fourth-largest pay-TV provider. We are doing it again with the first live, internet-delivered TV service – Sling TV – that bucks traditional pay-TV norms and gives consumers a truly new way to access and watch television.
Now we have our sights set on upending the wireless industry and unseating the entrenched incumbent carriers.
We are driven by curiosity, pride, adventure, and a desire to win – it’s in our DNA. We’re looking for people with boundless energy, intelligence, and an overwhelming need to achieve, to join our team as we embark on the next chapter of our story.
Opportunity is here. We are DISH.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
At DISH, we operate a very complex set of business-critical applications that facilitate the Sales, Marketing, and Customer Service of all DISH products. The Oracle DBA is responsible for day-to-day operations and executing key initiatives for IT. The candidate must bring a strong desire to contribute to the fast-paced team by sharing ideas and being willing to learn. The ideal candidate has a strong background in database administration with Relational Databases in an enterprise setting. Primary responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Install, configure, patch, and upgrade Databases: Oracle (19c) and either
PostgreSQL (12+) or Mongo(4+).
Proactively monitor production databases for Performance and Stability.
Participate in on-call production support on a rotation basis.
Provide DBA support for Enterprise Releases Deployments and Projects.
Provide technical guidance to software developers in data modeling and performance optimization techniques.
Automate administrative tasks using scripting languages and utilities.
Follow established standards. Document new processes and procedures when appropriate.
Promptly create Incident Reports to build/update Knowledge Base.
Skills, Experience and Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer science or Information Systems or an equivalent experience with a minimum of 10+ years in Oracle and 3+ years in Mongo or Postgres.
Hands-on experience managing databases both in private Data Centers as well as on the AWS cloud.
Experience Administering and Optimizing TB databases on Linux systems.
Familiarity with Database Monitoring & debugging tools.
Ability to multi-task and work independently on projects.
Ability to effectively communicate, prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Benefits:
From versatile health perks to new career opportunities, check out our benefits on our careers website.

Employment is contingent on successful completion of a pre-employment criminal background check, which may include a drug test.
Salary Range: USD $106250.00 - $143450.00 / Year
