We are seeking self-motivated, safe, positive, enthusiastic, and goal-oriented individuals for an immediate opening as Business Analyst.
Our client manufactures business aircraft alongside some of the world’s most advanced fighter jets, the legendary Mirage and Rafale.
Their business jets is widely regarded as the world’s most technologically advanced aircraft. Their business jets are renowned for their quality, performance, and efficiency and represent over 50% of the company’s revenue.
They employ the most dedicated individuals in the aviation industry. They understand that their employees are their most valuable asset and the key to their success. There is a unifying pride in being recognized as a member of their family, where they share values, ideas, and team spirit.
What Is In It For You
Salary: depending on relevant industry experience.
Benefits: Paid (individual) health insurance, life, and disability insurance, and paid vacation and sick time.
Relocation: Open to paying relocation costs.
A Day In The Life of a Business Analyst
As a Business Analyst, you will act as the liaison between the business and the solution providers, connecting both worlds during product/process/service definition, implementation, testing, final validation, and deployment. You will be responsible to elicit requirements from different departments and propose different solutions to best answer business needs and opportunities. You will work closely with the Business Architect to ensure the product or service implemented aligns with Company's business needs and overall goals and objectives.
Required Skills, Education & Experience
Bachelor of Business Administration, Computer Science, Operational Research, Engineering, Economics or related field. May substitute equivalent amounts of directly related experience for education. (2 years of directly related experience = 1 year towards degree requirement)
Minimum of three (3) years of experience in a project oriented environment as business analyst, project manager, process transformation lead or subject matter expert
Knowledge of process modeling and process decomposition using process modeling tools
Knowledge in gathering and documenting stakeholder requirements using standardized methodologies
Experience with IT transformation projects or lean/continuous improvements initiatives
Ability to analyze in detail the data and business processes and make recommendations for improvements
Ability to document processes and communicate complex concepts clearly
Good situational analysis, decision making, and critical thinking abilities
If you are interested in the Business Analyst In Little Rock, Arkansas, apply today!
This vacancy is being advertised by Total Aviation Staffing, LLC. The services advertised by Total Aviation Staffing, LLC are those of an Employment Agency
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $47,714.89 - $92,787.36 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: One location
