Job Description
Job Description
Analyzes, verifies, tracks and reports on quantitative and qualitative data from internal and external data sources in support of business decisions. Participates in the business intelligence (BI) solution development life-cycle, development of BI standards, templates and procedures
Job Responsibility
Analyzes, verifies, tracks and reports on quantitative and qualitative data concerning hospital and multi-care services, utilization and population demographics.
Provides internal and external strategic planning and market research databases to perform analysis.
Evaluates strategic business unit market performance through the use of benchmark data.
Provides information to management, Strategic Planning and staff on formal presentations.
Assists in the preparation of strategic plans, business plans and preparing supporting materials; including tables, charts, graphs, maps, etc.
Develops and maintains internal tracking system and develops reports, as appropriate.
Supports certificate of need and grant writing functions through analysis of System and Health care market data.
Provides technical assistance to staff on use of computer software and databases, as required.
Assists in preparing information for presentation to internal constituencies and local, state agencies.
Employees operate under general guidance and work assignments are varied and require interpretation and independent decisions on course of action.
Performs related duties as required. All responsibilities noted here are considered essential functions of the job under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Duties not mentioned here, but considered related are not essential functions.
Job Qualification
Bachelor's Degree required, or equivalent combination of education and related experience.
1-3 years of relevant experience, required.

*Additional Salary Detail
The salary range and/or hourly rate listed is a good faith determination of potential base compensation that may be offered to a successful applicant for this position at the time of this job advertisement and may be modified in the future.When determining a team member's base salary and/or rate, several factors may be considered as applicable (e.g., location, specialty, service line, years of relevant experience, education, credentials, negotiated contracts, budget and internal equity).
