BILL is a leader in financial automation software for small and midsize businesses (SMBs). As a champion of SMBs, we are dedicated to automating the future of finance so businesses can flourish. Hundreds of thousands of businesses trust BILL solutions to manage financial workflows, including payables, receivables, and spend and expense management. With BILL, businesses are connected to a network of millions of members, so they can pay or get paid faster. Through our automated solutions, we help SMBs simplify and control their finances, so they can confidently manage their businesses, and succeed on their terms.
BILL is a trusted partner of leading U.S. financial institutions, accounting firms, and accounting software providers. We have operations in San Jose, CA, Draper, UT, Houston, TX and Sydney, AUS and are continuing to expand into other geographic locations. If you're looking for a place that helps you do the best work of your career, look no further than BILL.
Make your impact within a rapidly growing Fintech Company:
We are looking for a talented, enthusiastic and dedicated data science leader to join Bill.com's Data Science and Analytics team. The incumbent will be responsible for leading the risk data science team and working with a group of world class data scientists to deliver cutting edge ML/AI risk solutions. The risk data science team is responsible for various predictive risk modeling initiatives including credit default, fraud detection, working capital underwriting and cross sell propensity models for Bill.com, Divvy and Invoice2go.This position requires a leader who has experience leading experienced data scientists to provide both technical and people leadership. This leader will also work with strategy, revenue, product and engineering cross functional teams to identify business opportunities with the latest data science technology.
We'd love to chat if you have:
Minimum 10 years of industry experience in risk data science, preferably in both credit and fraud risk
Experience in leading, managing and building data science teams
Experience using statistics and data science to solve complex business problems
Ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical experts, business partners, and executives
Comfortable with ambiguity and yet able to steer data science projects toward clear business goals, testable hypotheses and action-oriented outcomes
Deep knowledge of ML framework with hands on experience using SQL/Python/AWS to build and deploy models
Familiar with ML and statistical modeling techniques (e.g., gradient boosting, NLP, regression, clustering, decision trees, etc.)
An advanced degree (M.S., PhD.), preferably in Statistics, Physical Sciences, Computer Science, Economics, or a related technical field
Bonus: experience with alternative data in credit and fraud risk assessment
Let's talk about benefits
100% paid health, dental, and vision plans (choose HMO, PPO, or HDHP)
HSA & FSA accounts
Life Insurance, Long & Short-term disability coverage
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
11+ Observed holidays and wellness days and flexible time off
Employee Stock Purchase Program with employee discounts
Wellness & Fitness initiatives
Employee recognition and referral programs
And much more

We live our culture and values every day
At BILL, we're different by design—it's our culture. Our CEO is a trusted entrepreneur who lives our cultural values: Humble, Authentic, Passionate, Dedicated, and Fun. People here love being their authentic selves, contributing unique experiences, sharing ideas, perspectives, and intellectual curiosity. We celebrate our diversity as the heart and soul of how we work, grow, and succeed together. Inspiring people with meaningful career experiences they love really does make the dream work and our successes just keep getting better. There's no limit to what we can build and where we can go from here. We'd love you to join us.

BILL is proudly an Equal Opportunity Employer where everyone is welcome. Our innovation and technology are inspired by an inclusive culture unlike any other. Everyone brings a different personal story and perspective and this diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences is where our greatest ideas come from. We welcome people of all races, ethnicities, ages, religions, abilities, genders, and sexual orientations to make us an even more vibrant company. We want everyone to bring their authentic selves here, to share our values, shape our vision, drive innovation, and become part of a culture we celebrate every day.
BILL Culture:
Humble – No ego
Authentic – We are who we are
Passionate – Love what you do
Dedicated – To each other and the customer
Fun – Celebrate the moments
BILL currently requires all personnel who work onsite at its facilities to be fully vaccinated against the COVID19 virus. Proof of COVID19 vaccine will be required post hire to work onsite at our BILL facilities. Medical and religious exemptions to the vaccination will be reviewed on submission.
Our Applicant Privacy Notice describes how BILL treats the personal information it receives from applicants
