Business Analyst
Columbus, Ohio
Skype Interview
1+ years Duration
State of Ohio – COM
Working in Hybrid model, please share candidates who will be working from agency location.
Job Description:
Business Analyst 4 (BA4)
Working in Hybrid model, please share candidates who will be working from agency location.
Requirement Description: This position will function as a highly skilled BA4 for Ohio Department of Commerce’s Project Management Team with specific responsibilities that include:
1. Work with business units and other stakeholders to gather information. Using techniques like interviews, work sessions, storyboarding, and prototyping.
2. Elicit, analyze, document, and communicate business requirements.
3. Analyze high-level business requirements and translate them into more detailed user stories, use cases, and other functional requirements documents such as process flows, screen mock-ups, gap analysis, etc.
4. Create documents and other artifacts to promote sustainable knowledge management within the organization.
5. Work closely with the program manager, project manager and senior business analyst.
6. Collaborate with Quality Assurance to support testing efforts.
7. Create and maintain business process work flows and flowcharts.
8. Perform validation of solutions by analyzing the end product and the requirements specifications.
9. Assist in developing project task plans, leading meetings and other related tasks to gather and coordinate activities for requirements gathering.
Experience conducting Facilitated Workshops for requirements analysis.
Experience creating workflows using formal notation such as the Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN).
Knowledge of formal requirements gathering methodologies.
Experience developing Business Requirements - project initiation document, what the needed achievements will be, and the quality measures.
Experience developing Functional requirements - describe what the system, process, or product/service must do in order to fulfill the business requirements.
Experience developing User (stakeholder) requirements - are a very important part of the deliverables, the needs of the stakeholders will have to be correctly interpreted. This deliverable can also reflect how the product will be designed, developed, and define how test cases must be formulated.
Experience developing Report Specifications - define the purpose of a report, its justification, attributes and columns, owners and runtime parameters.
Experience developing Requirements Traceability Matrix - a cross matrix for recording the requirements through each stage of the requirements gathering process.
Strong communication/ leadership skills.
Ability to collaborate with supporting resources across business and/or functional lines.
Have excellent oral and written skills/possess strong meeting and work session facilitation skills.
Have the ability to work independently and as part of a team, the ability to manage time and resources to meet assigned deadlines.
Have excellent organizational skills, proven analytical, planning, problem solving, and decision-making skills.
Mandatory Requirements/Time * 7 years’ experience in the analysis, documentation of business requirements functional and non-functional
7 years’ experience creating application prototypes and screen mockups
7 years’ experience creating graphical representations of complex business processes
7 years’ experience in using Microsoft products; Visio, PowerPoint, Excel and Word
7 years’ experience facilitating workshops for requirements gathering
5 years’ experience managing requirements on several projects at the same time
7 years’ experience in analyzing data elements of enterprise applications; determining how the data elements relate to each other
6 years’ experience with business process modeling methods and techniques
7 years’ experience performing Gap analysis As-Is/To-Be for large applications
Desired Skills/Time IIBA-certified Business Analyst.
Microsoft PowerBI
Redmine
Background on projects that include accounting systems
Experience with both waterfall and agile methodologies
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Columbus, OH 43017: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer
+91 9199755433
