Description:
JOB DESCRIPTION

The PGP Data Scientist and Analytics Team Manager will have responsibilities for both high-level data analysis and visualization as part of performance improvement initiatives, and coordination of the activities of a larger team of data analysts: This position will be responsible for mining and analyzing data from various internal and external data sources to drive optimization and improvement of operations, clinical outcomes, and business strategies. Will work with stakeholders throughout the organization to drive quality improvement initiatives and will be adept at using large data sets and models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action using predictive algorithms. Will assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques, and will participate in performance improvement teams. The Data Scientist will be an expert in at least 1 programming language (e.g. R, SAS, SPSS, Python), have proficiency in statistical theory and underlying mathematical distributions, and have expertise in querying relational databases with SQL. Will have experience with a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, etc.) and be able to demonstrate real-world application of these techniques. Prior training/experience with use of the Epic electronic medical record and associated data analytics and dashboard tools is desirable. This position will manage, coordinate and provide leadership for data mining, abstraction, management, and analysis to comply with regulatory requirements and to drive clinical and operational improvement efforts across the Emory Physician Group Practice. Will be accountable for ensuring the data provided are reliable, readily-available, and appropriate for meeting regulatory requirements, as well as clinical and operational data needs. Will be able to use required data mining techniques from multiple disparate sources (including our clinical data warehouse, electronic data collection (eCQMs) and manual abstraction), and to convert data into appropriate formats for both regulatory expectations and internal decision making/practice improvement using visualization tools including dashboards (e.g. Visual Insight, advanced Excel, pivot tables, slicers, macros and analytic tools). Will be adept at communication and expressing ideas orally and in writing, including delivering formal presentations to diverse audiences. This position will also be responsible for supervising a group of 5 data analysts, with management of employee performance. Will provide orientation/training, ongoing performance feedback, and mentorship with identification of skill development opportunities for staff. Will maintain knowledge of current trends, practices and developments, and will continuously evaluate the team structure and skill sets to ensure alignment with strategic vision. Will collaborate with the EHC Clinical Data Warehouse team and Office of Quality Data Team, as well as the operations, patient access, financial services, and quality teams within the PGP to ensure that the data team is meeting operational needs and contributing to ongoing quality initiatives. They will plan and facilitate effective meetings and work sessions for work groups and teams related to analytic projects. Will also manage development of metrics and dashboards with clinical departments, including the PGP contributions to the EHC balanced scorecard, nursing data for the Magnet program, and annual physician and department incentive metrics, and will ensure that the team delivers an effective work product on time.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Master's in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Public health with a concentration in biostatistics or epidemiology, or related field required and 3 years of relevant experience.
PH.D in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Public health with a concentration in biostatistics or epidemiology, or related field preferred.
Prior Managerial experience strongly preferred.
