Further your career with Powerfront. We are an international, innovative SaaS provider with technology running through our veins. We transform the way organizations run their customer engagement strategies. A career at Powerfront is exciting, challenging and rewarding.
We are looking for a game changer that will take the initiative to implement and engineer the experience of every application/software being put out by our business and:
Key Responsibilities
Ongoing SQL query and index analysis and tuning in cooperation with Developers and Sysadmin Engineers.
Provide guidance and support to Application Developers
Install, tune, implement and upgrade DBMS installations
Monitor and maintain system health and security
Setup and maintenance of continuous Database Monitoring and Alerts
Create backup and recovery plans and procedures based on industry best practices
Deploy Data Leak Prevention auditing methods and security hardening
Managing and keeping up to date with Security Patches and new releases.
Improving the database structure and performance of the Database to lower hardware dependency costs
Disaster recovery: performing quarterly failover drills
Capacity planning
Implement and manage company data management practices and policies
Troubleshooting issues in relation to outages and lost/corrupt data
Key Requirements
Excellent knowledge of MS SQL Server (2016/2019) including all the latest features (high availability/always encryption/memory-optimized tables/query store)
Expert in Query Tuning, reading execution plans, and performance optimization
Expert in writing complex SQL server queries and creating the optimal indexes for a given query.
Experience with managing and deploying databases on Linux and Windows operating systems.
Experience in effectively deploying and administering web/database-oriented solutions in modern cloud environments. AWS preferred.
Knowledge in working with very large Databases (5TB+) and high throughput (5000 TPS) systems
Experience with minimizing downtime and deploying high availability architectures (99.99% uptime)
Experience with scripting or coding. Linux bash, Python, and/or Windows PowerShell.
High attention to detail at all times
Good understanding of data and schema standards and concepts
Critical thinker and problem-solving skills
BS in Computer Science or equivalent is required
7-10 years experience in Database Administration
Summary of Benefits
Competitive salary
Join a dynamic & forward-thinking organization revolutionizing retail technology
Be a part of an amazing culture with a high client and staff retention
Take pride in marketing to the most prestigious brands in the world
Career progression and longevity
Remote work environment
Note: The purpose of this profile is to provide a general summary of essential responsibilities for the position and is not meant as an exhaustive list. Assignments may differ for individuals within the same role based on business conditions, departmental need or geographic location.
Powerfront provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
