Sabot Consulting (Sabot) is a management consulting company focused on providing technical and management consulting to IT executives and managers in strategic, operational, and project-based practice areas. You will work as part of a team of highly experienced professionals to service clients in both government and commercial sectors. Sabot's role within all of our engagements is to be a force multiplier for the client, empowering them to achieve their goals and objectives with a concentration on sustainability. Our focus on providing expert staff that have the knowledge, experience, and professionalism to engage the client at all levels is the key to our success.
Mandatory qualifications:
Expert experience in IT Business Analysis in the implementation and integration of enterprise-scale, software application, implementation, or integration projects.
Expert knowledge and demonstrated experience in the creation and maintenance of International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA), Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK) framework deliverables.
Expert experience that includes process mapping, workflow modeling, conceptual and logical data modeling, business rules modeling, use case modeling, scope management, and requirements management with demonstrated experience in moving from manual processes to digital systems.
Expert experience that includes application development, demonstrated experience with writing requirements for porting data from one system to another, and in activities such as the design, development, testing, and implementation of a wide variety of information technology systems.
Expert level of experience in Microsoft Office and Visio software.
Desirable qualifications:
A current International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Certification of Competency in Business Analysis (CCBA) or a current certification as a Project Management Institute - Professional in Business Analysis (PMI-PBA).•Preferred candidates will have a current certification as an International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP).
Prior experience in the creation of requirements for Request For Information (RFI), Request For Proposal (RFP), and Request For Quotation (RFQ) solicitations is desirable.
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification is desirable. •Preferred candidates will have prior experience in implementing Cloud-hosted business process migration in Software as a Service (SAAS) implementations utilizing Amazon, Google or Microsoft cloud hosting technologies.
Preferred candidates will have prior experience using SPARX Enterprise Architect software
This position is remote.
O6vJqHwZVc
