Title: Natural Language Processing and Data Analytics Manager :
Wholesale Credit Technology Data Analytics Group, New York, NY
Terms of Hire: Full Time.
Job description
Responsible for managing the development of applications of Natural Language Processing and Data Analytics for several complex IT projects in Wholesale Credit and Banking Technology. Responsibilities include defining the project scope, goals and deliverables that support business needs in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders. Accountable for the agility of the project, communication channel including pitching solutions, challenges, development progress, and the timely completion of projects within the agreed upon time and budget. Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and influence them to take positive actions and accountability for their assigned work
Required Skills :
5-10+ years of large-scale, business critical, technology change management experience in a fast-paced collaborative environment
Ability to manage innovative technology projects
Ability to manage multiple business stakeholders and technology leaders simultaneously.
Strong Risk Management: Identify potential risks and escalate as needed, identify critical path activities, remove roadblocks to ensure progress
Strong communication skills both written and verbal; ability to communicate at all levels; able to influence/challenge and negotiate with minimum direct supervision
Knowledge of and adherence to agile and change standards for planning, executing, controlling and closing the technology components and deliverables within projects
Demonstrated ability to make decisions, adapt to change
Must be able to manage and influence talent in a matrixed environment
Desired Skills :
Knowledge and strong interest in AI innovation trends, and advanced data analytics software applications.
Wholesale Credit and Global Banking and Markets stakeholder management experience
Experience in all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle Agile methodologies
Excellent presentation skills using change tools (project, financial, release, agile) and MS products such as Excel, Project, PowerPoint
Developer background a plus.
Client -Bank: :
Believes diversity makes us stronger so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world.
Is committed to building a workplace where every employee is welcomed and given the support and resources to perform their jobs successfully.
Wants to be a great place for people to work and strives to create an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals.
Provides continuous training and development opportunities to help employees achieve their career goals, whatever their background or experience.
Is committed to advancing our tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve our clients and their evolving business needs.
Believes in responsible growth and is dedicated to supporting our communities by connecting them to the lending, investing and giving them what they need to remain vibrant and vital.
You Will Enjoy: :
An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way!
Apply today to learn more and be part of our Growth story.
All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted, our team will be in touch with you for further discussions.
