Are you an entrepreneurial minded and talented Data Scientist? Then we’re looking for a person just like you. We are a young startup building several innovative digital products and apps. We’re looking to hire quickly so don’t hesitate to send us a resume and a link to your portfolio.
This is a very rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor of one of the leaders of the AI data science / machine learning platform in a Midtown Manhattan startup environment.
DESCRIPTION
Collaborate with our team members to accelerate the pace of product development.
Explore new data sources and think of innovative ways to incorporate these into existing and new predictive models.
Monitor model performance. Regardless of the technique applied, we expect continued monitoring and iteration of models for continuous improvement ahead.
Provide thought leadership on future research agenda and team growth.
JOB REQUIREMENTS
PhD degree in Finance, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative fields.
2+ years of experience as a Data Scientist.
Strong knowledge of statistics and machine learning.
Solid programming skills in Python.
Excellent communication skills; good team player.
Deep sense of intellectual curiosity.
Exceptional level of organization.
Ability to create proofs of concept and run experiments, making appropriate trade-offs between performance and complexity.
Previous experience with at least two deep learning frameworks.
PREFERRED SKILLS
Familiar with financial terms and financial models.
Familiar with AWS environment.
Experience with mobile app development.
Knowledge with other programming languages, such as R, Scala.
Experience with an Agile environment.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
COVID-19 considerations:
We all are socially distanced in the office, wear masks as appropriate, and the office is deep-cleaned and sanitized each night by a specialized team.
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Experience:
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
machine learning: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
