Location: Various Locations
Work Type: Full Time Regular
Job No: 500766
Categories: Project Management/Business Analyst
Application Closes: Open Until Filled
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Performs analysis and design by translating business requirements of less advanced complexity and developing reporting solutions that yield relevant business information in a user-friendly format by collecting, analyzing and leveraging data. Ensures data accuracy. Utilizes team resources for assistance in planning and accomplishing goals.
Provides support to customers by investigating, reviewing and analyzing data from multiple internal and external sources and understands the source structures and business relevance of the data within assigned business areas. Designs, develops, implements and maintains business solutions for small to medium projects with assistance, as needed.
Maintains knowledge of current tools, languages and approaches used to develop, test, maintain, and execute systems and applications. Ensures appropriate security and privacy measures are implemented to protect the Company data assets from accidental or intentional misuse.
Contributes to data and data quality standards, controls, procedures, and documentation. Assists with identification of areas for data quality improvement and help to resolve data quality problems through the appropriate choice of error detection and correction, process control and improvement, or process design strategies.
Supports I/S teams with testing and implementation of new business systems tools, codes, and patches, and assist business customers throughout the conversion. Acts as liaison between I/S teams and business areas by trouble-shooting and translating technical problems related to business applications, with assistance.
Supports business customers on assigned data repositories. Provides support for product implementations and modifications impacting repositories, project request documentation, CAT testing, and daily monitoring of stored data with assistance, as needed.
Implements approved project plans and activities. Provides technical assistance and training to staff in project management, sales, reporting, I/T, I/S and workflow direction on small to medium projects with assistance.
Develops current knowledge of assigned business areas, Mutual of Omaha practices, the insurance industry, and the business environment. Develops knowledge of application development technologies, methodologies, standards, and enterprise data sources and structures.
Provides training and education to customers within the assigned business areas on Business Intelligence tools and processes.
Monitors recurring processes and ensures output accuracy and timely distribution. Responsible for maintenance, documentation, and enhancements of recurring processes and procedures.
Supports the completion of data submission for industry surveys, annual statements, and regulatory filings based on the requirements. Follows up on inconsistencies or issues, provides recommendations for resolution, and ensures timely adherence.
May monitor accounting activities to ensure data accuracy and availability. Ensures required activities regarding reconciliation, journal and ledger balancing, internal balancing for financial systems, and MAR process/procedure documents are completed on an accurate and timely basis.
This posting reflects the Associate Business Intelligence Developer essential functions, qualifications, and physical requirements. The Business Intelligence Developer has variable essential functions and qualifications. Competency and skill set will determine level of placement within the posted job family.

ABOUT YOU:
You help promote a culture of diversity and inclusion within the department and the larger organization. You value different ideas and opinions. You listen courageously and remain curious in all that you do.
You are able to work remotely and have access to high-speed internet.
Must be located in United States or Puerto Rico.
2+ years of experience developing, building, and maintaining reports and reporting solutions.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Solid working knowledge of Tableau, SQL, or similar tools.
Knowledge of Finance, Customer Services, Marketing, Sales domain and IT objectives and strategy.
Knowledge of project and process management and business systems requirements.
Knowledge of technical environment (technologies, applications, projects and processes) in the functional business areas.
Knowledge of relational database administration, data consumption, and advanced data analysis.
Consultative, analytical, conflict and strategic planning skills.
Excellent presentation skills.
Ability to research solutions and analyze data independently to provide recommendations.
A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
We recognize that people come with diverse experience and talent beyond just the requirements of the job. Diversity of experience and skills combined with passion is a key to innovation and excellence. If your experience is relevant to what you see listed, please consider applying – we’d love to hear from you!

WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU:
A diverse workplace where associates feel a sense of belonging. To learn more about our commitment of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, please visit our website
An organization that feels like a small, close-knit community and has the strength of a Fortune 500 company.
Tuition reimbursement, training and career development.
Comprehensive benefits plan that includes medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance.
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and childcare needs.
401(k) plan with a 2% company contribution and 6% company match.
Competitive pay with an opportunity for incentives for all associates.
Flexible work schedules with a healthy amount of paid time off.
For more information regarding available benefits, please visit our Career Site.
Salary Range: $55,000 - $85,000
Pay commensurate with experience.
Recognized as a certified Great Place to Work®.


MUTUAL OF OMAHA:
Mutual of Omaha serves more than 4.8 million individual product customers and 39,000 employer groups. Our legacy of stability creates an environment where every associate is encouraged to experiment, innovate and grow in their own unique career path.
From day one, you’ll have the tools to be your best self at work. Here you’ll do meaningful work and your talents will have a positive impact on peoples’ lives as we help our customers protect what they care about and achieve their financial goals.
Each associate is a unique contributor to creating a diverse, dynamic, thriving and inclusive workplace. We want you to become engaged … feel a sense of belonging … and contribute to the company’s exceptional future.
We are committed to optimizing flexible work. We support a full range of work approaches: fully remote, hybrid and in-person. Many of our roles are remote. Employees in remote roles may occasionally travel to a Mutual of Omaha office or elsewhere for required meetings or team-building events. Remote employees who are assigned a Mutual of Omaha office location can work on-site on a voluntary basis, subject to local and company COVID-19 guidelines.
Join forces with a company that can AMPLIFY YOUR STRENGTHS AND EMPOWER YOUR CAREER.

For inquiries about the position or application process, contact our HR Helpline at 1-800-365-1405.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at 1-800-780-0304. We are available Monday through Friday 7 am to 4:30 pm CST we will reply within 24 hours.
Mutual of Omaha and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
To All Recruitment Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Circa
Help: 800-365-1405
