Hours of Work :
40
Days Of Week :
5
Work Shift :
Job Description :
Epic Cogito Business Intelligence Developer

In this highly technical, fast-paced, and challenging position, you'll collaborate with multidisciplinary team members to provide the very best care for our patients. The Epic Cogito Business Intelligence Developer supports many users and departments within the health care system.
Job Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems or related field is preferred.
5+ years of healthcare IT experience is required, financial, clinic or hospital Cogito\Workbench experience is preferred.
Epic certification is required and one or more years build experience within the appropriate Epic module is strongly preferred.
Functional knowledge of EHR software
Proficiency in MS Office applications
Demonstrated customer service skills
Previous experience in healthcare is preferred; familiarity with clinical roles and medical terminology is very helpful.
Ability to effectively work cross-functionally with other application teams
Ability to communicate clearly
Job Responsibilities:
Plan, design, test, implement, support, and maintain functionality related to Epic module
Create, test, and document new build, workflows, changes, etc.
Manage multiple jobs at one time, balancing resources, priorities, deadlines and time.
Assist other application teams in understanding user needs and problems in order to determine feasibility of solutions.
Mentors team members as necessary, and informs leadership of all events pertaining to the operations of assigned modules and projects.
Manage help desk tickets, phone calls, emails, etc.
Always look for ways to improve the patient experience
Take initiative for your professional growth
Be engaged and eager to build a winning team
Methodist Health System is a highly revered, leading nonprofit healthcare organization in Dallas, Texas. Named one of the fastest-growing health systems in America by Modern Healthcare, Methodist includes 13 hospitals, either through ownership or affiliation. Our wholly owned and full-service hospitals include Methodist Dallas, Methodist Charlton, Methodist Mansfield, Methodist Midlothian, and Methodist Richardson Medical Centers; Methodist Richardson – Campus for Continuing Care; and, our newest, Methodist Southlake Medical Center. Our affiliated physician organization is Methodist Medical Group, which includes more than 50 healthcare clinics, two concierge medicine clinics, an urgent care clinic, and a virtual care platform known as MethodistNOW. At Methodist, we strive to have a diverse workforce that reflects the communities we serve — one that is welcoming of the skills and talents of all groups. Our reputation as an award-winning employer shows in the honors we’ve earned:
Magnet® designations for Methodist Dallas, Methodist Charlton, Methodist Mansfield, and Methodist Richardson
150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare nine years in a row by Becker’s Hospital Review
Military Friendly® Employer, Silver Designation
One of three Top Healthcare Diversity Organizations in the U.S., 2019
Ranked No. 2 on DiversityInc’s List of Top Hospitals and Health Systems in America, 2018
Our Care Commitments
Take Care of Patients
Take Care of Each Other
Take Care of Ourselves
Take Care of Methodist
