
Job Description
High Street Immediate – Transportation Performance Analyst Position
www.highstreetconsulting.com
Are you interested in leveraging your transportation planning, technical writing, and analytical skills to help improve transportation decision making? If so, High Street could be the place for you! High Street is a specialized provider of policy, planning, data analytics, and financial consulting services to the people who plan, build, and operate America’s transportation systems. There is mentoring available and room to grow your career!
POSITION OVERVIEW
High Street is seeking an analyst for a full-time position that requires a combination of analytical, project management, and writing skills. The new hire will support performance-based, data-driven planning work for a range of federal, state, and local/regional transportation agencies.
RESPONSIBILITIES
New hire will support planning, programming, and policy work for clients. Examples of responsibilities include:
1. Cleaning and assessing datasets with a spatial component, and conducting statistical analysis with R, Python, or a similar programming language
2. Evaluating performance impacts of transportation investments
3. Technical writing
4. Critical thinking regarding the implications your analysis may have on transportation policies In addition, the new hire will serve in a variety of policy-related support roles, including research, writing for long-range transportation plans, and strategic communications.
REQUIREMENTS
The right candidate must have:
• A master’s degree in transportation planning, civil engineering, public policy, or a similar degree
• Permanent U.S. work authorization
• R or Python and GIS scripting skills
• Professional image projected through mature communication and interpersonal skills
• Proven track record prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
• Demonstrated ability to write clearly and succinctly
• Experience visualizing data in charts, graphs and maps
LOCATION & TRAVEL
We are hiring for this position in Pittsburgh, PA, Chicago, IL, Austin, TX, and Atlanta, GA. There will potentially be occasional travel throughout the U.S. to client offices.
COMPENSATION
The position will pay compensation in the range of $60,000 to $90,000 depending on qualifications and experience.
How to Apply
TO APPLY
Please send the following information to [email protected]:
• A professional resume
• A half page cover letter demonstrating your qualifications and interest in this position and noting where you saw the job posted.
• A recent work sample of an analytical report and data visualization and a brief description of your contribution to the work sample.


 Job Categories: Consultant. Job Types: Full-Time. Salaries: Less than $100,000.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




