VTech Electronics in Arlington Heights, IL is looking to hire a full-time Business Intelligence Developer to maintain data warehouses, conduct data analysis, and compile data analytics reports. Are you a detail-oriented, critical thinker? Are you interested in a job that offers a supportive culture and the flexibility to work from home? Would you like a career with an innovative electronics technology company? If so, please read on!
This data analytics position earns a competitive salary and is adjusted based on the incumbent's background and experience. We provide excellent benefits, including health, dental, vision, paid time off (PTO), 10 paid holidays, a 401(k) with a 4.5% company match, paid parental leave, and time off for volunteering. If this job in the technology industry sounds like the right opportunity for you, apply today!
ABOUT VTECH ELECTRONICS
We are a global leader in age-appropriate and developmental-stage-based electronic learning products for children. It is our mission to develop high-quality, innovative, and educational products that enrich children's development and make learning fun. We have not only established ourselves as a learning authority but also consistently remain at the forefront of innovation with multiple award-winning products.
We believe that high standards in the workplace lead to high-quality products. Our team members are central to taking us where we want to go. We are determined to facilitate a culture of collaboration where hard work pays off and everyone is given room to leverage their skills and talents!
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER
As a Business Intelligence Developer, you help our company succeed by managing, interpreting, and leveraging data. You are responsible for the integration of transactional system data into data warehouse repositories, and you serve as the primary point of contact for data integrations between third-party and internal data sources. You're comfortable with technology and skillfully use various APIs (application programming interfaces) to facilitate data retrieval from partners. Efficient and attentive to detail, you maintain the data integrity and manage the operation of data analytics reporting systems. As a critical thinker and problem-solver, you take the initiative to resolve any issues you encounter. You're proud to play a leading role in the effort to standardize ETL (extract, transform, and load) processes across our global operations.
By interfacing with providers and end users, you identify needs and develop procedures to address them. You're committed to our culture of quality service, and you helpfully assist customers with questions or complaints in a positive, constructive manner. With a focus on continually enhancing our business, you compile accurate and punctual reports using data
analysis tools such as MicroStrategy software. Your familiarity with SQL (structured query language) enables you to accurately interpret data and improve procedures. As a collaborative team player, you're happy to serve as a technical resource for coworkers and management, and you deliver insightful presentations to share up-to-date information and actionable ideas. You feel great knowing that your data analysis skills contribute directly to the success of our company!
QUALIFICATIONS FOR A BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER
5+ years of progressively responsible experience in the area of data analytics
Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field OR an equivalent combination of experience and education
Proficiency with multiple ETL and business analysis systems
Experience with data warehouse concepts and implementation
Familiarity with SQL
Experience with APIs including REST (representational state transfer) and SOAP (simple object access protocol) calls
Experience with JSON and XML data formats
Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
A master's degree is desirable but not required. Experience with Oracle, MicroStrategy, and Talend would be an asset. Project management skills are preferred. Experience with Microsoft Office 365 would be a plus. Do you take the initiative to seek out opportunities? Can you manage your time effectively while you work from home? Are you skilled at data analysis? Can you communicate well both verbally and in writing? Do you exercise sound business judgment? If yes, you might just be perfect for this position in the technology industry!
WORK SCHEDULE FOR A BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER
This data analysis job offers the flexibility to work from home and has a schedule of 40 hours per week, Monday through Friday. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required. Some local travel may be required during the business day, and overnight travel may be expected 10% of the time.
ARE YOU READY TO JOIN OUR DATA ANALYTICS TEAM?
If you're knowledgeable about technology and data analysis, please fill out our initial 3-minute, mobile-friendly application. We look forward to meeting you!
VTech and LeapFrog are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings or apply for a job on this site as a result of a disability, you may request reasonable accommodations by contacting disability_accommodations@vtechkids.com. General employment-related inquiries should not be submitted to this email.
