
Job Description
The University of Virginia School of Law seeks highly qualified applicants for a Statistical Research Specialist. This is a Senior Professional Research Staff position with the classification of Research Scientist.  Reporting to the Head of the Legal Data Lab, the Statistical Research Specialist is a core position for the law library’s ongoing efforts to support empirical legal scholarship at the University of Virginia School of Law.  As a vital member of one of the few such labs in the country, the Statistical Research Specialist will have a direct impact on strategy and planning for the Lab as well as continuing support for faculty research.  The University’s newly created School of Data Science makes this a particularly interesting time in legal scholarship at the University and we anticipate many exciting opportunities.
The Statistical Research Specialist will assist faculty and other library patrons with complex research initiatives involving basic and advanced statistical techniques and provide consulting and assistance with statistical software programs, study design, data collection, and various forms of analysis. Some reference service, analysis of library operations data, and occasional lecturing will be required. Participation in the statistical and data science communities of the University of Virginia will be expected.
Requirements include: Significant course work in statistical methods; considerable experience in the application of quantitative methods to social science, business, and/or legal data; proficiency with a range of statistical software packages, particularly Stata and R; and the ability to work and communicate effectively orally and in writing with the University of Virginia School of Law community.  Some experience with machine learning and natural language processing techniques is preferred.  A demonstrated ability to visually represent data for academic publication is a plus.
Candidates must have at a minimum a M.S. in a relevant discipline (e.g., Economics, Political Science, Statistics).  A Ph.D. is preferred but not required.
Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.
How to Apply
Please visit the UVA job board https://uva.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/UVAJobs (requisition number R0013437), complete the application and attach a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, and address). Please note that all required  documents must be uploaded in the box.
***Applications that do not contain all of the required documents will not receive full consideration.***
For questions about the application process please contact Nicole Robinson, Recruiter, at [email protected].


 Job Categories: Researcher/Academic. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




