Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
In this key leadership role, you will be accountable for driving the adoption of modernized analytics across Optum Labs. This includes identifying opportunities, establishing operational processes, driving documentation standards, and embracing modern analytic capabilities. A great candidate will consult with business stakeholders to build business case for change, set priorities, and work closely with technology partners to build analytics as software. This position is an excellent opportunity for an analytic thought leader who has experience driving change as a health care analytics consultant, with knowledge of modern software best practices, and can deploy and operate analytics in a production environment. This role is critical to driving Optum Labs' overall business strategy and is key to achieving business results.

You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely * from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Lead the team that actively engages the community of business stewards and analytic consumers to support the transition to modernized analytics
Develop analytic consumer pipeline, drive, and manage buy-in, trust of, and adoption of modernized analytic capabilities
Manage backlog/roadmap
Collaborate with key customers to understand key priorities and represent the voice of the customer in all planning and development discussions and decisions
Research, evaluate, and deploy new tools, frameworks, and patterns, including identification of gaps and opportunities for improvement of existing solutions
Represent team on the design, implementation, and maintenance of technology capabilities
Support communication efforts on the benefits and value of the adoption of modernized analytics
Serve as a thought leader across Optum Labs on health care analytics methodological and business case study questions
Lead complex projects independently, including review and QA of work of other team members
Clearly present relevant and meaningful findings to leadership and stakeholders
Support departmental plans and priorities to address business and operational needs and requirements
Lead and develop a team of talented and diverse strategic and operational analytics professionals, building a culture of high-performance and collaboration and a team people want to be a part of
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in data analytics, statistics, or other related discipline
10+ years of health care industry consulting experience: payer, provider, life sciences, or other health services
3+ years of direct people leaderships experience
Demonstrated experience integrating and mining large data sets to generate insights and inform business decisions
Demonstrated experience with analytics and statistical software such as SAS, SQL, R, Python, and others to perform analysis and interpret data.
Experience in setting team direction and providing managerial and leadership guidance to members of your team
Experience communicating strategic plans and frameworks to executives
Experience overseeing program roadmap strategy and definition
Background in product development, business development, client management or program/project management
Proven ability to work independently with key business executives, including managing conflict, negotiating alignment, and driving issues to resolution
Subject matter expert in an area of health care analytics (payer, provider, etc.; clinical, network, financial, operational, etc.)
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large data sets, advanced statistics, and predictive models
Experience with Symmetry Suite of Products (ERG, ETG, EBM, etc.)
Experience with agile methodology and scrum teams
Experience using public cloud computing from Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform
Experience in software product development in a product management, or analytics development (data science, machine learning) role
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
*All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, or New York City Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado/Connecticut/Nevada/New York City residents is $134,200 to $257,700. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
