What to Expect
Data Scientist, Advanced Applications Team
Infrastructure Advanced Applications is looking for a highly motivated data scientist to join our team. The Infrastructure Team drives to create the factory of the future by overseeing the design, construction, and commissioning of cutting-edge large-scale equipment and utility systems in support of advanced manufacturing processes.
What You’ll Do
Qualifications:
BS/MS/PhD in a relevant field or equivalent experience
2-5 years of experience in a relevant field
Responsibilities
Development of scalable data architectures and pipelines for high reliability enterprise applications and integrations
Data Model Development
Database Architecture
Optimization of Data Flows
Production Server Architecture
Interpret data, then analyze results using statistical techniques
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends/patterns in complex data sets and depict the story via dashboards and reports
Maintain and improved existing data visualizations, data pipelines and dashboards
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Work closely with stakeholders to optimize data systems for their use case
Generate highly readable code to automate data collection and cleanup while ensuring sufficient logging for troubleshooting
Participate in specification and standard creation
Participate in and/or lead database migration activities
Provide expert on-call support for system outages and failover incidents
Manage contractors to optimally execute scopes of work
The ideal candidate takes pride in their analytical ability, organizational skills, and attention to detail. They thrive in an environment where innovative/high quality work is required, noticed, and rewarded. They have the capacity to carry tremendous responsibility. They look forward to learning an incredible amount on the job. They are an excellent cross-team communicator, with a knack for grounding software projects in real-world utility systems.
Studies show that people of color and women are less likely to apply to positions where they don’t meet every requirement. We encourage everyone to still apply even if their background isn’t a perfect fit.
What You’ll Bring
Requirements:
Proficiency in any modern text-based programming languages (Python, C, Javascript, etc.)
Advanced proficiency with multiple data architecture paradigms (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, Kafka, etc.)
Ability to work effectively on cross-functional teams and deal directly with stakeholders
Ability to execute on many large-scale projects in parallel
Additional Skills:
Proficiency in frontend development, preferably with the React and Typescript
Proficiency in Golang
Experience working on the full life cycle of an application’s development, from initial request to production
Ability to understand AI/ML methods for real-time system control or data processing
Experience working in an enterprise application development environment
Experience with Product Management (Agile techniques, etc.)
Exposure to a wide variety of production machinery, industrial sensors, and equipment (electrical distribution, process skids, industrial HVAC, etc.)
Experience working with teams executing large scale construction and/or facility maintenance projects
