At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.
Job Description Summary: PayPal is looking for an experienced data scientist to join the fast-growing People Analytics & HR Tech organization. The Manager, People Data Science will conduct research and provide analytical solutions to enable PayPal leaders to make evidence-based decisions. The Manager, People Data Science will partner closely with other People Analytics Consultants on the team and the engineering team to build scalable products for the enterprise.
Job Description:
Key Responsibilities:
Provide technical leadership of analytical projects in the Global People Analytics & HR Tech organization
Build and test ML models for the Global People Analytics & HR Tech organization by collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders across HR, finance, product, engineering, and legal functions.
Drive better talent decision making through story-telling with data
Collaborate closely with other team members to identify opportunities for advanced analytics
Perform AI/ML research in the areas such as model fairness, explainability, security and privacy
Provide thought leadership on how to use advanced statistics and ML/AI in HR
Work effectively in a complex, global, fast-paced matrixed environment, replete with tight deliverable timeframes and multiple stakeholders
Qualifications:
Masters or Ph.D. in computer science, mathematics, or related quantitative discipline
2+ Years working as a data scientist or applied quantitative researcher
4+ Years industry hands-on experience deriving insights from people/employee data with Python or R
Experience applying Python frameworks, libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas) or equivalent
Experience applying and presenting statistical methods (e.g., regression, experimental design, etc.) and machine learning (e.g., GBM, clustering, random forest, etc.).
Experience with building and deploying predictive models
Experience applying natural language processing (NLP) and organizational network analysis (ONA) strongly preferred
Ability to communicate technical details to executive audience in a clear and concise manner
Experience in developing end-to-end analytic solutions, from ETL to model building, and deployment to model health/performance monitoring
Demonstrated track record of handling sensitive data and exercising proven discretion
Experience in the technology or financial industry strongly preferred
Our Benefits:

At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.

We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit https://www.paypalbenefits.com

Who We Are:

To learn more about our culture and community visit https://about.pypl.com/who-we-are/default.aspx

PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.
