In this role, you'll join a dynamic Data Solutions team focused on building data management, reporting and analytics solutions for the buy-side. With our Fusion platform, we're taking multi-vendor, multi-disciplinary big data and making it research and ML-ready.

As a data scientist you will engage in analysis of a broad set of datasets for the benefit of internal and external clients. You will build and maintain the data documentation and metadata while collaborating with multiple stakeholders such as the data science, product development and technical teams. This role offers a breadth of growth opportunities in terms of business and technical skills.

In this role you will:
Operate on big financial and non-financial data using modern parallel data analytics tools (e.g. Spark)
Utilize the latest cloud technology and infrastructure to perform your analysis at scale
Build and maintain dataset documentation and metadata
Implement rules for programmatic data validation by codifying conventions and/or data relationships
Optimize processes and/or improve the quality of the dataset
Automate repetitive tasks through Python and SQL
Write code that can be maintained and extended by other analysts
Work closely with the data science, product management and data engineering groups
Continuously learn to keep up with industry trends

Core Required Skills
Programming experience in at least one of the commonly used languages for data analysis (e.g., Python, R, MATLAB, Scala).
Knowledge of open source data analysis tools and visualization libraries such as pandas and matplotlib
Functional skills in SQL and other database technologies
Good communication and listening skills
Comfortable in a fast-moving environment with often loosely defined tasks where interaction with multiple stakeholders is required
Attention to detail with strong record-keeping and organizational skills
Passion and motivation for constant learning

Additional skills preferred
Bachelor's degree in an analytical discipline
Experience with tools for large scale and distributed data analysis (e.g., Spark)
Basic understanding of financial markets
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
Base Pay/Salary
Jersey City,NJ $104,500.00 - $135,000.00 / year
