Location: Dover, DE
Status: FT 80
Summary
The Database Administrator I is responsible for the performance, integrity, and security of Bayhealth’s databases. Under general direction, administers, manages, designs, documents, and evaluates a variety of database management systems; performs complex technical, analytical, and professional services involving evaluation, database driven web sites, healthcare operations support, and problem resolution.
Essential Functions & Accountabilities
1. Administers a variety of database systems including Microsoft SQL Server, Electronic Health Record (EHR) and others.
2. Maintains and administers server and middleware tools used to develop database systems and framework.
3. Assist with the development and enforces database administration and user standards and procedures.
4. Audits, modifies, and amends data in systems using SQL commands, hand-editing, and bulk import.
5. Oversees the scheduling of database projects, database and transaction log backups, notifications, and database replication between multiple SQL Servers and remote sites.
6. Manages multiple concurrent projects.
7. Evaluates and monitors database server integrity, security, and resources.
8. Assumes the technical lead for database server and online database projects.
9. Assists in the completion of file transfer protocol (FTP) requests.
10. Reviews technical designs, reports, documentation, and other materials produced.
11. Researches and implements new database and online technology.
12. All other duties as assigned within the scope and range of job responsibilities.
Position Requirements
Education: High school diploma, GED or equivalent reqired; Bachelor’s degree is strongly preferred.
Experience: Minimum of 5 years experience as a Database Administrator or similar role is required. Additional experience as database designer and/or information systems analyst is preferred.
Computer / Software Knowledge: Knowledge of Database Management Systems (DBMS) administration and maintenance, database design, analysis and management is required. Knowledge of Unix: Red Hat Linux and SQL.
Licensure / Certification: Certification attributable to the primary applications being supported is required within 12 months of hire.
Additional: Position requires demonstrated knowledge & understanding of:
o Administration and maintenance of management information systems
o UNIX based operating systems (Linux preferred) and Windows Server Platforms
o Basic principles of computer system analysis, principles of organization and project management
o Knowledge and ability to work with scripting languages, system design and configuration around IT systems at Bayhealth.
o Microsoft SQL, or other relational database systems
