Job Title: Consulting Partner - Data Analytics
Location: USA
Role Type: Full-time / No Contractors or third-party
Experience: 15+ years
Compensation : 160 k - 240 k (DOE) + Bonus
Job Description
Responsible to partner with clients, internal teams and 3rd parties technology partners on existing projects, new pursues and POVs/POCs in order to achieve accelerated business outcomes for clients in the Data and Analytics space.
Extensive experience with demonstrable outcomes in the areas of Data Management (Data Governance, Data Quality, Master Data Management), Data Strategy, Data Analytics including ML/AI solutions and Cloud based Data Solutions.
Responsibilities:
Support POCs for existing engagements and new discussions
Proactively develop POVs for industry / client and key problems
Demonstrable assets creation / collation
Speaker at Industry forums and Participate in key industry events
Lead / participate in client innovation days
Create Marketing collaterals (White papers / Blogs / Webinar / Videos / Panel discussions)
Outline Industry contributions / Collaborate with Industry Analysts/ Research
Provision on Enterprise Architectural Data Solutions to meet functional and non-functional Requirements
Create and review enterprise architecture and solution design artifacts within Data & Analytics
Proactively provide guidance on Data Management methodologies, standards and leading practices.
Provide insight and direction on roles and responsibilities required for data solution operations. Advisory & Consulting lead experience able to drive the Data &Analutics agenda within the organisation.
Demonstrable experience working with Blue chips organisations in the Data and Analytics space.
Specific knowledge and experience in the following areas:
Data Strategy, Data Governance, Data Quality, Master Data Management, Meta Data Management , Data Analytics and Visualisation, Cloud Data Solutions / Enterprise Architecture, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence in the context of Data Analytics.
Able to demonstrate strong knowledge in at least one of the following industries/verticals: Retail , Life sciences , Manufacturing, CPG
Demonstrate ability to rapidly learn new and emerging technologies and developing a vision of their suitability within the Data Analytics space
Strategic Mindset. Able to navigate “partner-congested” accounts and ensure it promotes the organisation’s goals and vision.
Should be self-driven, entrepreneurial, and able to deal with ambiguity. Comfortable having a peering relationship at client CXO level.
Can-Do attitude
Excellent communicator both verbal & written
Innovative Thinker
Team player but equally comfortable to operate on his/her own.
Qualifications:
BSc/MSc/PhD in related field
Years of experience required for position - 15 years +
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $160,000.00 - $240,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Compensation package:
Yearly bonus
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Application Question(s):
Do you have experience creating Marketing Collaterals (White papers / Blogs / Webinar / Videos / Panel discussions)?
Do you have experience to any of the following industries ( Retail, Life science, Manufacturing, CPG? If so, Please specify.
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
Data analytics: 10 years (Required)
Marketing: 2 years (Required)
Data Strategy: 5 years (Required)
Master data management: 5 years (Required)
Cloud Data Solutions: 5 years (Required)
Machine learning: 5 years (Required)
AI: 5 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
