The Opportunity:
Vianai is looking for a number of talented QA Engineers to join our team to provide top-tier features for our world-class human-centered AI platform. As a QA Engineer at Vianai, you would be responsible for managing the testing of new features, executing them manually, and automating them for the future. Our ideal QA Engineer is hands-on, collaborative, self-motivated, and innovative. We hope you are as excited as we are to create human-centered AI products poised for rapid growth and continued success.
Expectations:
Develop, test, implement and maintain new or modified software programs and procedures centered around our ML platform.
Collaborate with a diverse team of Designers, Developers, Engineers, and Data Scientists.
Perform hands-on and in-depth investigations /ebugging at all levels of our software stack.
Demonstrate high levels of software engineering capabilities by performing rigorous testing throughout the SDLC.
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability.
Communicate and present their work in a clear and simple manner with relationship skills and a strong team player.
Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Engineering or equivalent.
5+ years experience in the QA or QA Automation space.
3+ years experience working with industry-standard automation tools with a focus on Python and JavaScript.
Testing of complex and multifaceted cloud and SaaS technologies.
Ability to utilize automation to quickly validate test results.
Expericne with ML or testing ML-based applications.
Curious about new technology, able to change quickly.
Preferred Qualifications:
MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Engineering or equivalent.
Hands-on experience with ML Model Automation.
Familiar with data stack applications like SQL Database, Data warehouse, Kafka etc.
Knowledge in Business Intelligence, Machine Learning.
Who We Are:
We are a team of engineers, designers, doers, makers, and thought leaders. We are also sisters and brothers, fathers and mothers, partners and friends. We are curious and creative, confident and humble and we have a passion for what's next. We believe that when used to amplify our humanity, our technology has the power to do good in the world.
While Vianai is a part of each one of us, it isn't all of us.
Our company is founded on a culture of trust, empowerment, and respect. We bring our whole self to work — the non-perfect, messy, sometimes imposter, sometimes expert, sometimes vulnerable, and sometimes superhuman self that contributes to what we believe in. We are committed to advancing inclusion, equity, and diversity because we believe that to design more transparent and beneficial AI systems, we need architects of all types. And to us, the more perspectives the better.
Vianai has deep expertise in enterprise technologies and landscapes, business application development, engineering services, design thinking, and cutting-edge AI research. We are a startup, and we are founded, funded, and led by veterans of the industry. We think and work like entrepreneurs, but we've brought a wealth of experience and expertise that is deeply relevant to our mission and the market opportunity.

About Vianai:
Vianai (https://www.vian.ai/) is a Human-Centered AI platform and products company amplifying the power of human understanding and collaboration together with advanced AI techniques, to drive transformation. Vianai's unique human-centered approach empowers data professionals and domain experts to leverage causal data science, drive deeper intelligence into decision making and improve business outcomes. Vianai customers include many of the world's largest and most respected companies in manufacturing, financial services, retail, and aerospace and defense, among many others. The company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has an R&D center in Israel.
