
Job Description
We have a vacancy for an Analyst/Senior Analyst to be based in either Nelson, Wellington in our Spatial Planning & Allocations Team in the Fisheries Management Directorate. You will be a self-starter with strong analytical and problem solving skills, where your report writing skills will be second to none.
 
About the Role – Kōrero mō te tūranga
This is not your standard analyst role.  You will be working with a diverse range of stakeholders including government officials, fishing and aquaculture interests, Maori, and fisheries scientists. You will provide timely advice for the regulation of aquaculture and transfer of aquatic life, marine protected area implementation, special permit applications, customary fishing tool applications, and other marine spatial planning initiatives.
 
We offer you the opportunity to work in areas that contribute to help grow and protect the value of New Zealand’s fisheries resources, and deliver on parts of the Crown’s Treaty Settlement obligations.  This will provide exposure to key fisheries and aquaculture management and policy processes.
 
We work in a fast-paced, stimulating environment dealing with high profile issues affecting the NZ economy and of high interest to tangata whenua and the public.
 
About Us – Mō Tātou
The Fisheries Management Directorate carries out the full range of statutory regulatory functions, duties, and powers to manage New Zealand’s fisheries resources, including:
 
Analysis and advice on applications for use of marine space
Information and advice relating to the aquatic environment and maintaining marine biodiversity
Fish stock assessments to underpin fisheries management decisions
Collecting independent, reliable information on commercial fisheries and verifying fishing activity.
 
Our directorate is also responsible for the development and implementation of national standards, National Plans of Actions (NPOAs), National Fisheries Plans, and all other aspects of the operational policy framework for fisheries management.
 
Skills and Experience – Ngā Pūkenga me ngā Wheako
Bring your tertiary qualification in fisheries or biological sciences, resource management, economics, law, or a related discipline. You’ll have experience and understanding of domestic fisheries issues, great inter-personal and networking skills and an attention to detail.
 
Our ideal candidate will bring:
Knowledge of fisheries, aquaculture, and marine spatial legislation and issues in New Zealand
Relevant experience as an analyst or policy analyst or in a strongly similar working environment
Sound understanding of, and experience operating in, Government processes, including Parliamentary processes
Previous experience in establishing and effectively maintaining collaborative relationships with stakeholders, Maori and Government agencies
 
How to Apply
How to Apply – Me pēhea te tuku tono
To view the position description and/or apply for the role (submitting a cover letter and current curriculum vitae), please follow the link: https://careers.mpi.govt.nz/jobs/MPI19-1439559
 
Applications close 31 January 2020


 Job Categories: Other. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




