Title: Business Analyst
Location: Remote
Company Background
Since its founding in 2007, APV's portfolio of clients has grown significantly. As a well-established, woman-owned, Small Business Association-certified 8(a) company, APV has become a small business leader in supporting a multitude of clients, from more than 15 federal and state agencies, including the Department of Defense, to civilian organizations. As of 2021, APV has executed 70 plus prime contracts and received exceptional performance and client service ratings. APV is currently working on more than 30 government projects. APV has a wide portfolio of contracts and “Best-in-Class” contract vehicles, including GSA MAS, OASIS Small Business, and 8(A) Pool 1, CIO-SP3 SB & 8(a) across all functional areas, HCaTS, and several other industry-specific BPA and IDIQs.
APV is a mature company dedicated to quality and exceptional delivery to meet its clients’ missions. We understand personnel is an essential part of this. We hire the best and take care of the people who come work for us. We continue to maintain 96% employee satisfaction and have a high retention rate, well above the industry average for our small business peers. We do this by offering a competitive compensation plan and a leadership that is dedicated to employee growth and advancement.

Role:
The Business Analyst will support a contract for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Center for Program Integrity (CPI) as part of the Provider Enrollment and Oversight program. This position will support the project leadership, project team, and the customer to define, document, and maintain the required business processes needed for an efficient and compliant Adverse Legal Action (ALA) case review operation.
In executing these job functions, this role is expected to identify and collaborate with the project team to implement operational program improvements to increase efficiency, quality, and overall performance of the activities required to conduct ALA case reviews.

Duties:
The Business Analyst will:
Collaborate with project leadership and the project team to implement, operationalize, and maintain the project requirements related to enrollment ALA case reviews.
Interact daily with the internal project team, external partner companies, and CMS, as required to support continuing operations.
Support the development, maintenance, and revision of ALA case review standard operating procedures, process tools, and job aids to ensure cases are reviewed in full compliance with customer requirements.
Coordinate and communicate closely with the operations analysts to monitor productivity rates, case review quality and consistency, process efficiency, system availability, and employee skillset mix to maintain continuous operations.
Lead the implementation of project requirement changes as directed by the customer and/or project leadership by modifying SOPs, process tools, and job aids.
Support the development, implementation, and maintenance of the Quality Audit Plan, as required and directed by the Quality Assurance Manager.
Support the development and submission of project deliverables, as assigned.
Support and provide input on the development of training materials to ensure operational readiness of the project team.
Participate in and support the project and/or customer meetings, as required.
Assist the operations staff with any barriers, including identifying and defining needed changes to the case management system, improving process documents, reviewing and revising project documentation, identifying staffing needs, and/or resolving customer-related issues, as required.
Other duties, as assigned
Required Skills:
Bachelor’s Degree in information technology, Information Systems, Business, healthcare management, or related field.
5 years of experience writing and editing healthcare-related documents.
Minimum 5 years of experience working in a healthcare services operation.
Experience working within the CMS environment is preferred.
Experience working in a provider enrollment environment is preferred.
5 additional years of related experience may be used in lieu of a bachelor’s degree.
Continuous Process Improvement, Six Sigma, or related training is a plus.
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Ability to assess and improve operational processes and workflows.
Ability to interpret customer requirements and efficiently operationalize them.
Ability to document business requirements, and create operational process documents, and job aids.
Software Tool Requirements:
MS Office
Experience with electronic workflow systems is a plus.
Experience with CMS systems is a plus.
About A P Ventures
A P Ventures is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, or marital status. Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability candidates are encouraged to apply. Qualified military veterans are encouraged to apply.
