About the Project
Trilogy Innovations is seeking Business Analysts to remotely support our federal customer in Bridgeport, WV. This is an exciting opportunity to join our growing team, while taking part in a multi-year initiative to modernize our customer's large-scale IT systems.
Secret Clearance is required (US CITIZENS)
Location: Telework (Remote 100%)
Full-time (W2)
Benefits: Health, vision/dental, life/disability, 401(k) + match
Perks: 100% coverage of professional development, phone/internet reimbursements & bonus programs
Qualifications and Requirements:
Bachelor's degree (preferably in Computer Science or related field)
Prior experience as a Business Analyst supporting large-government contracts
Experience supporting Agile teams using the SAFe Agile methodology
Experience authoring developer-friendly documentation (e.g., API documentation, deployment operations)
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Jira, Confluence, etc.)
Experience communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiences
General Responsibilities:
Supports agencies by analyzing propositions and assessing decision-making factors, such as strategic alignment, cost/benefit, and risk.
Works closely with the Product Manager to define a product approach to meet the specified user need.
Defines skill requirements and maps internal, agency, and external (partners/specialist contractors) resources.
Works with the owning agency to ensure they have the budget to cover the proposed approach and resource requirements during delivery and analyzes what provision they have for on-going running costs.
Analyzes and maps the risks of a product approach and proposes mitigation solutions.
Defines how the predicted user and financial benefit can be realized, and how channel shift will be measured.
Makes a recommendation for action against the analysis done
Why work for Trilogy Innovations?
Professional Development Programs for all employees
Up to $150/month towards your phone and internet services per month
Referral Bonus Programs (Employees & Business Development)
401(k) with company match
Comprehensive medical, vision and dental insurance; life/disability insurance coverage
Health Spending Account (HSA)
About Trilogy Innovations:
Trilogy Innovations, Inc. is a minority-owned (8a) and HUBZone certified systems and software engineering company that delivers superior technical solutions across private and public sectors. Since 2010, our talented personnel have successfully provided Innovative IT solutions across government agencies such as the FBI, U.S. Air Force, NASA, Department of Education, Department of Energy, U.S. Coast Guard, SOCOM, and private industries in Oil & Gas, and Land Management Services.
Trilogy Innovations, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
