Description
Do you want to be a part of a family and not just another employee? Are you looking for a work environment where diversity and inclusion thrive? Submit your application today and find out what it truly means to be a part of a team.
At HCA Healthcare, you have options. You can choose from a variety of benefits to create a customizable plan. You have the ability to enroll in several medical coverage plans including vision and dental. You can even select additional a la carte benefits to meet all your needs. Enroll in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401k, flex spending accounts for medical and childcare needs, and participate in our tuition reimbursement and student loan repayment programs.
HCA Healthcare is dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues. We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious Business Analyst II to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!
As a Business Intelligience Analyst, you will be responsible for developing, analyzing, interpretting, testing, coordinating, and implementing new or enhanced business processes. You will also manage the creation of deliverables and communicate/present findings and requirements to a large range of stakeholders, including Operations, Development, Testing, Education, and Training teams.
What you will do in this role:
Work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify project objectives, scope, dependencies, and risks for projects.
Collaborate with peers to develop a customized business analysis approach, defining the business analysis tasks, resources, and estimated effort to complete a project
Translate conceptual user requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developers and others on the project team
Analyze current or potential business processes and review existing information systems: interview users, analyze process flows, map/flowchart existing business processes, identify opportunities for improvement, map/flowchart improvements to existing business processes, and document existing business processes and business rules
Manage changes to the business requirements, assess the impact of requirement changes, and ensure appropriate approval of those changes
Manage business requirement communication, ensuring that stakeholders have a shared understanding of the requirements
Quickly understand business problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements, analyze and present proposed solution options
Leverage and continually mature interview and facilitation techniques to elicit business needs and requirements
Develop master and detailed test plans and execute those plans in various product support environments for new upgrades to the system based upon process improvement initiatives
Provide post-implementation support by validating pre- and post-implementation data to ensure strategic goals were met before transitioning to support
Communicate project status and objectives to project team, downstream departments, clients, and vendors
Work independently with internal clients to identify opportunities for improvement

Education
Four-year undergraduate degree with major course work in health services administration, management information systems, or business administration is preferred. Relevant education may substitute experience requirement.
Experience
Minimum three-year experience as Business Analyst and five years' experience in Healthcare industry preferred
Certificate/License
Six Sigma certification preferred
Parallon is an industry leader in revenue cycle services. We partner with over 650 hospitals and 2,400 physician practices nation-wide. Our parent company, HCA Healthcare has been consistently named a World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere and is ranked in the Fortune 100.
We are a family 270,000 strong! Our Talent Acquisition team is reviewing applications immediately. Highly qualified candidates will be promptly contacted by our hiring managers for interviews. Submit your resume today to join our community of caring!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
LI-REMOTE
PAR-AFHP
