Ellumen, named a Top Workplace by the Washington Post, is an equal opportunity employer headquartered in Silver Spring, MD. We provide a broad spectrum of information technology and ancillary services to government and commercial customers primarily within the healthcare delivery domain. We seek a remote Database Administrator local to the Washington, DC area to join our team.



Responsibilities
Analyze database requirements of assigned projects.
Analyze and determine information needs and elements, database relationships and attributes, proposed manipulation, data flow and storage requirements, and data output and reporting capabilities.
Apply knowledge of database management systems to coordinate maintenance and changes to databases.
Test and implement changes or new database designs.
Write logical and physical database descriptions, including location, space, access method, and security requirements.
Provide direction to programmers and analysts as required to affect changes to database management systems.
Provide answers to database questions.
Knowledge of and ability to monitor databases and to analyze and organize data and apply new technology designs and programs.

Qualifications
Experience with PostgreSQL and MySQL database administration, backups, monitoring
Prefer 7+ years relative experience
Completed Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems preferred
Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance
Must be local to the Washington, DC area

We are committed to creating a diverse environment and proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Applicants can learn more about the company's status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status.
