Botkeeper is an automated bookkeeping solution transforming the accounting industry. Named one of America’s fastest growing companies by both Inc. and the Financial Times in 2021, we’re building a team that isn’t afraid to push the boundaries of what's possible. Together, we work hard, collaborate constantly, lift one another up, and challenge each other without fear. Following our Series C funding led by Grand Oaks Capital, we’re now scaling to achieve the future of bookkeeping!
Our Engineering Team:We are a group of T shaped engineers, who have an insatiable desire to learn new technologies, implement exciting scalable solutions, and teach each other as we collaborate on projects. Being a part of this team provides an opportunity to work across a variety of technical domains, while contributing insights from your own experiences and domain expertise.Position Overview:We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our Botkeeper team! This individual will collaborate closely with product, platform, and data engineering teams to create and improve machine learning models, build scalable implementations of these models for both training and consumption, and drive research for new solutions that will improve the product and internal efficiencies. You will be working across teams in order to take projects from ideation to fully integrated solutions and will have the opportunity to make a big impact in the world of automated bookkeeping!Responsibilities:* Train high performing machine learning models by applying feature engineering, model selection, sampling, and model evaluation strategies using Python frameworks such as TensorFlow, SciPy, Scikit-learn, NumPy, and Pandas* Develop and deploy scalable implementations of model training and model serving using technologies such as Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, and Redis* Monitor and analyze model performance and design strategies to improve performance and overcome errors* Work with product teams in order to understand user interactions and prototype solutions for improving customer's workflow and experiences* Work with data engineering teams to enrich the data that is available for training models, make recommendations for new data sources, and implement data governance standards* Influence the features and direction of our products with your own ideasQualifications:* Bachelor's degree or higher in a computer related degree program or equivalent work experience* Advanced knowledge of Python and frameworks such as Flask* Solid knowledge of machine learning and deep learning fundamentals with expertise in one of natural language processing or computer vision* Advanced knowledge of packages and frameworks such as TensorFlow, Numpy, Pandas, SciPy* Experience with Docker and Kubernetes* Experience with data ETL processes and both SQL and no SQL databases* Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project* Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, identify tasks, provide estimates and meet production deadlines* Willingness to learn and experience new technologies* Curious about how things work, creative about how to approach problems, and eager to collaborate with others
About Botkeeper:
Botkeeper provides bookkeeping to businesses using a powerful combination of skilled accountants and automated data entry through the use of machine learning and AI. Our clients receive 24/7 accounting and support as well as incredible insight into their financials with beautiful dashboards and unlimited reporting. The platform easily integrates with a client’s bank accounts, credit cards, HR system, and POS system, and makes appropriate entries and adjustments to their QuickBooks Online accounts, providing businesses with a 24/7 AI-driven Botkeeper. The company is headquartered in Boston, MA.
Botkeeper Benefits:
We offer unlimited PTO, competitive compensation and healthcare, remote work, and 12 weeks of parental leave. Additional benefits include our annual company retreat, incredible opportunities for career growth, continued professional education, and collaboration with our team of smart, supportive colleagues.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement:
Botkeeper is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and we encourage all to apply to join our team! We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military or veteran status, disability, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to accommodations@botkeeper.com.

kUD8QHXqwt
