We have an opportunity to join the Alliance as the Data Analytics Services Director leading the Data Analytics Services Department

There is one position which can be filled in any of our 3 offices (Scotts Valley, Merced or Salinas, California) or remotely within California.

WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR
Reporting to the Chief Information Officer, you will provide strategic management oversight in implementing, directing and monitoring the Alliance's Data Analytics Services functions. You will direct the Data Analytics Services Department, act as a subject matter expert, and provide executive level advice and guidance on analytics issues and overall business operations. You will maximize the use of technology while ensuring clear business benefits and value when enhancing the use of Alliance data systems. You will also oversee the quality, consistency, and accuracy of data reporting and analysis throughout the organization. You will direct, manage and supervise Data Analytics Services Department staff.

LEADERSHIP OF
The Data Analytics Services Director has strategic management of the following teams and their respective functions:
Health Informatics
Enterprise Data Warehousing
Advanced Analytics/Data Science

THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL
Be a well-seasoned leader with expertise in healthcare analytics, data science and data warehousing
Be oriented towards metrics and data driven business decisions
Be an effective communicator, promoting clear, direct and timely communication within your own team and across the organization
Be committed to team development, with an ability to lead and inspire others in an environment that supports professional growth, embraces complex challenges and celebrates accomplishments
Be effective at moving the work forward while managing priorities and deadlines, and empowering teams to do their best work

WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL
To read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.
Knowledge of:
Methods of managing software development processes
And experience with the development of data warehouses, data mining, extraction and reporting
Data governance best practices framework
Medi-Cal (Medicaid), Medicare and/or other publicly funded health insurance programs
Techniques of effective collaboration with business and functional stakeholders to assess needs and deliver sustainable solutions
Ability to:
Set enterprise level data capabilities, applying an in-depth understanding of the business strategy while enabling adoption of the enterprise assets
Demonstrate advanced problem-solving skills involving complex and ambiguous issues
Direct, manage, supervise, mentor, train and evaluate the work of staff
Act as a technical resource and explain complex laws, regulations, processes, and programs related to area of responsibility
Foster effective working relationships, influence others and build consensus with individuals at all levels in the organization
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Healthcare, Information Technology, Business, Systems Engineering or a related field
A minimum of ten years of business analysis experience which included experience with business intelligence tools, data warehousing and reporting tools, including a minimum of five years of experience performing this work in a managed care or healthcare organization, and a minimum of five years of management-level experience (a Master's degree may substitute for two years of the required experience); or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be qualifying

OTHER DETAILS
While this position is connected to one of our Alliance offices, we are in hybrid remote/in-office work environment right now and we anticipate that the interview process will take place remotely.
Our Alliance office locations have officially re-opened as of May 2, 2022 and while some employees may work in full-time telecommute schedules, attendance at quarterly company-wide events or department meetings will be expected.
Based on the nature of work, this position may require onsite presence, which is dependent on business need. Details about this can be reviewed during the interview process.

COVID-19 Vaccine Requirement: At this time, this position requires vaccination or regular testing upon office entry. Fully vaccinated and boosted is defined as receipt of the second dose in a 2-dose series (ex: Pfizer & Moderna vaccines) OR receipt of a single-dose vaccine (ex: Johnson & Johnson); AND receipt of the booster (if eligible); AND a 2-week period having passed since the administration of the last vaccine dose. If you state that you are vaccinated, proof of vaccination must be submitted at time of hire.
Additionally, all positions at the Alliance are required to meet these minimum qualifications.
OUR BENEFITS
Medical, Dental and Vision Plans
Ample Paid Time Off
11 Paid Holidays per year
401(a) Retirement Plan
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
Robust Health and Wellness Program
Onsite EV Charging Stations
And many more
ABOUT US
We are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.
Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve members in Merced, Monterey and Santa Cruz counties. To learn more about us, take a look at our Fact Sheet.
At this time the Alliance does not provide any type of sponsorship. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time, ongoing basis without current or future needs for any type of employer supported or provided sponsorship.
