
Job Description
The Business Development Representative (BDR) is responsible for identifying and creating new qualified opportunities for their Sales colleagues. This role manages inbound and outbound campaigns by qualifying active buying interest, identifying critical decision makers, and effectively driving engagement to successfully position the RStudio value proposition. This position can be based anywhere in the United States.


This is a newly created role and team at RStudio and you will be one of the first people we hire onto this new team. We hope to build the initial team to about 3-4 people. This role has the opportunity to grow into a role in Sales, Marketing, or Support.

Responsibilities
Generate new business opportunities to fuel RStudio’s Pipeline and Growth
Gain business knowledge through researching how different businesses operate, leadership structures, what their pain points are and challenges they face everyday
Utilize industry knowledge to research & develop accounts, identify key players, generate interest, and identify compelling events
Inbound and Outbound prospecting to companies via phone, email, marketing campaigns, and social selling
Exceed monthly/quarterly quotas for BDRs
Enjoy conducting high-level discovery and educational conversations with Senior Executives (C-Level, VP/Director)

Basic Qualifications
You are humble, kind, curious, people smart, and hungry
You enjoy technical, scientific, or financial fields
Have the ability to think on your feet in a conversation and answer unexpected questions with ease
Demonstrate empathy for customers struggles and challenges
Intellectually curious
Resilient in the face of objections
Willingness and desire to work in a fast-paced and high growth environment
Have a passion for sales and sales processes
You are good at finding ways to motivate yourself and your teammates
Highly organized and able to adapt to changing priorities
You feel confident using programs like SalesForce and LinkedIn. If you haven’t used them, that’s ok! You have had to learn new programs before and have a knack for picking them up quickly

About Us
We are a lean, distributed team, passionate about making R and open source data science tools accessible to people all over the world, regardless of economic means. We are an organization that values talent, humility, and hard work over hierarchy.

Competitive salary with great benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance (100% of premiums covered), 401k matching, a home office allowance, and a profit-sharing system
Pick your hardware — we want to equip you with what you need to do your best work
All our full-time employees are given a one time allowance to outfit their home office
We have a flexible environment with excellent benefits and a “take what you need” vacation policy
Positive, passionate culture working with a world-class team committed to data science and the R language

RStudio is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed.

How to Apply
Please use this link.
https://hire.withgoogle.com/public/jobs/rstudiocom/view/P_AAAAAACAAJZH6-ozCXjznw?trackingTag=rBloggers


 Job Categories: Other. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: Rstudio and sales.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




