Summary
Posted: Oct 11, 2022
Role Number: 200434731
The AMP Data Science & Analytics team is seeking a self-starting Program Manager with excellent interpersonal skills, who is adept at managing technical/data-centric projects involving many team members within a sophisticated organization. The AMP DS&A PM will support the Lead Program Manager in successfully delivering a portfolio of projects, while promoting effective communication, producing documentation, and improving PMO processes. This position will be located in Austin TX or Culver City CA.
Key Qualifications
Demonstrated ability in hands-on project management.
Domain knowledge of data science & analytics workflows and/or data engineering.
Excellent organization skills, attention to detail, ability to handle multiple tasks in a constantly evolving environment.
An extraordinary communicator with ability to cultivate positive relationships.
Curious, flexible and a dedicated problem solver. Listening and learning is key.
A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information.
Strong facilitation and presentation skills.
Naturally accountable, responsible and self-motivated.
Experience with Project Management tools such as JIRA, Zenhub & Wrike, Keynote, Excel or equivalent.
Description
Drive projects in data science, analytics, and business intelligence Drive clarity and common understanding by effectively centralizing and standardizing project information. Develop and complete comprehensive plans to proactively unblock inaction and risks. Anticipate, identify, and raise project risks to the lead PM and relevant partners. Advance with proposed solutions. Ensure information is cascaded to the right audiences with the appropriate priority in Slack, email and meetings. Contribute to PMO Excellence Support the lead PM and other leadership in internal initiatives to scale the PMO, such as building templates for project plans, project meetings, key project activities such as testing, etc. Become an expert in Apple PM tool stack. Take ownership of delegated work and deliver with thoroughness and thoughtfulness. Demonstrate discretion and tact in attention to key details, partner concerns and communications. Empower and inspire project teams and colleagues.
Education & Experience
Bachelors degree (or equivalent experience) Scrum Master or SAFe Scaled Agile
Additional Requirements
