802 Delaware Avenue (18052), United States of America, Wilmington, Delaware
Senior Data Engineer (Remote-Eligible)
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Data Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Data Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems
Utilize programming languages like Java, Scala, Python and Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Redshift and Snowflake
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Perform unit tests and conduct reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance
Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 4 years of experience in application development (Internship experience does not apply)
At least 1 year of experience in big data technologies
Preferred Qualifications:
5+ years of experience in application development including Python, SQL, Scala, or Java
2+ years of experience with a public cloud (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud)
3+ years experience with Distributed data/computing tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, EMR, Kafka, Spark, Gurobi, or MySQL)
2+ year experience working on real-time data and streaming applications
2+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra)
2+ years of data warehousing experience (Redshift or Snowflake)
3+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting
2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.
Location is New York City
$156,596 and $184,748 for Senior Data Engineer
Location is Colorado
$132,699 and $156,555 for Senior Data Engineer
Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
