Ekimetrics is the European leader in data science with +320 data scientists and +1,000 projects since 2006.

Thanks to our global presence in Paris, London, NY, HK, we lead projects in +50 countries in all industries (automotive, financial services, retail, telecom, health, etc.).
We help companies steer their data opportunity, build data capabilities, and deploy actionable solutions, to power up marketing and operational performance, as well as (re)energizing business models.
Our primary focus is to deliver immediate business gains, while guaranteeing sustainable data capital for our clients.
We are committed to the most advanced data science, and to building fair and conscious data & AI practices.

Key figures:
15 years experience in Data Science
+320 consultants, all are also data scientists
4 offices in Paris, London, New York & Hong Kong
+350 clients (CAC40, Fortune500)
+$1Bn profit generated for our clients since our creation
+1,000 Data Science clients projects

Context:

To sustain our quick growth, we are seeking a Manager to join our team in New York.
The successful candidate will show both analytic skills and strong interest for marketing & business strategy.
The Manager plays a key role in Ekimetrics organization. They will be contributing to the growth and health of the company, including providing thorough leadership by closely working with the Ekimetrics Management team.
The ideal candidate will focus on delivering analytics projects that will lead to significant, value-led transformation for our clients. This requires building strong client relationships by understanding their needs and offering the right solutions.

Job Responsibilities:

Client facing
Ownership on the client relationship of the managed accounts. Promote a confidence and proximity relationship with blue chip clients at EXEC Level
Ensure the day-to-day operational management of key accounts and coordinate several projects simultaneously.
Cultivating your external network with a client centric approach

Data Science and Modeling
Responsible for the production of statistics and econometrics modeling
Ensure the respect of Ekimetrics standards of Excellence on the strategic recommendations delivered
Ability to manage data scientists

Business Acumen
Lead strategic consulting missions for key clients around the company portfolio. The ideal candidate will bring real value into our projects by helping top management to define marketing & business strategic direction and implement changes needed to achieve sustainable performance improvement.
Broad client relationships at VP level in order to achieve new business opportunities.

Team management/People developer
Recruit and align resources to hire, develop staff, manage performance, and create/enhance data scientists at all levels.
Actively work with the team to improve team’s engagement, retain top performers and support the development of future leaders at Ekimetrics

Company development
Managers at Ekimetrics are strongly involved in the company’s development initiatives. The successful candidate will be involved in strategic decisions and be a strong representative of Ekimetric’s Culture.
Bring leadership insight specific to Industry or functional analytics and continue to build Ekimetrics’ reputation and brand.

Candidate profile

The successful candidate will possess both, a strong track record in analytics & modelling and capacity to conduct business & strategy assignments in order to create value and innovative customer engagements.
The key management consulting skills and experiences will include:
Experience at a consulting firm or other relevant service provider or providing leadership within a highly regarded global corporation with a strong reputation for analytics.
Strong ability to develop new and long lasting client relationships at senior levels (including business leaders) within the sector and a focus on complex analytic issues
Team oriented and collaborative working style, both with clients and those within the organization.
Capacity to develop high impact thought leadership that articulates a forward thinking view of the market.
Demonstrated ability to develop younger talent and build a high performing team.

What we offer:
Competitive compensation package and dynamic bonus structure
Medical insurance, dental and vision
An emphasis on work-life-balance and generous PTO
Dynamic environment with a strong culture and great offices
Close-knit team with friendly environment, bi-monthly team events and more
Creative and entrepreneurial start-up environment with vertical mobility
Best-in-class methodologies and cutting edge technologies
Unique training package with 70+ sessions
Growth to develop a double profile in data science and strategic consulting
Client exposure up to the executive level
Opportunities for international mobility
Ekimetrics is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or other legally protected categories, subject to applicable law.

Please note that we do not offer visa sponsorship or transfer for this position.
