We are looking for a_ *Business Analyst*_ to support our client based in Des Moines, Iowa.
US BASED CANDIDATES ONLY.
This is a REMOTE position.
Who we are
Founded in 2009 and headquartered in beautiful Miami, FL, TECKpert is a tech consulting and staff augmentation firm. At TECKpert, we offer a contingent workforce built for any size digital transformation project. Experts in design, development, IT, analytics and marketing, provide innovative digital solutions to achieve success in our new economy. Our leaders identify the technical talent best suited to bolster our client’s capabilities, across all industries, including, healthcare, government, finance, legal, real estate, and startups.
The project
TECKpert seeks to hire a Business Analyst to support our client, a government agency, on a 7-month contract with possible extensions.
Job duties include, but are not limited to:
Note: The expectation is that contractors will be onsite for the first 30 days before being allowed to work
fully remote. The Division of Information Technology (DoIT) provides adaptable, secure, and cost-
effective technology services and solutions for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and its Partners. We manage all HHS IT assets, projects, and resources, as well as provide technology and expertise to support Iowa’s citizens and families. DoIT does this by consistently delivering top tier
performance and value to citizens as a trusted partner and service provider.
Working directly with business and technical teams to gather and document requirements for various Iowa HHS systems and programs.
Creating, presenting and maintaining user stories, acceptance criteria, and design documents in HHS defined
systems.
Documenting, tracing, maintaining, prioritizing, and assessing changes to business practices, workflows, and associated system processes.
Working closely with key decision makers, system owners, and end users, in support of core activities and critical business objectives.
Conducting research to query data, analyze problems, and determine solutions, such as the installation of alternate methods and procedures, implementing changes in processing methods, or the redesign of products or
services.
Consistently updating project information, statuses, risks, issues, and timelines for reporting purposes.
Working within an agile methodology framework with a focus on delivering value while adjusting rapidly to produce the most effective outcome.
Working closely with stakeholders, product owners, end users, developers, and project team members to help drive projects to successful completion. A successful candidate for this role is expected to possess the following skills and experience:
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact with a diverse group of team members, including executives, managers, IT professionals, and subject matter experts.
Experience in process mapping, group facilitation, data gathering and analysis, and all phases of a project life cycle (requirements, design, development, testing, deployment, documentation, training, and measuring effectiveness.) * Experience delivering software as part of an Agile delivery team.
Strong ability to work effectively and autonomously against deadlines and potential priority shifts.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, and Visio.
Experience with requirement gathering software such as Azure DevOps, TFS, Jira, or RTC.
Ability to analyze business strategies and user needs, document specifications, and translate business objectives into proper system requirements and specifications.
Guide stakeholders through business case development for new applications/functionality, including cost benefit analysis, risks and issues, and impact analysis.
Ability to recognize value through benefit realization, avoidance of cost, new opportunities, and
organizational modernization.
Experience with continuous process improvement via underlying technologies and system support.
Strong ability to break down complex concepts into smaller, simply defined tasks, while maintaining a focus on end-to-end business processes.
Work closely with other Business Units to identify and deliver Enterprise value.
Skilled at consulting with executive-level stakeholders to define business needs or problems.
Experience providing consulting services to governmental entities is a plus.
Compensation and Term
This opportunity is for a full-time, 7-month contract position with possible extensions and pay commensurate with experience up to $52/hour or $108,160 per year. Medical, dental, vision and life insurance available after 30 days of hire.
Qualifications you need
A successful Business Analyst possesses or provides the following requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems, Business, or related field, and/or relevant experience.
Experience working on large, complex IT systems Required 8 Years
Experience eliciting requirements, writing user stories & design docs, defining acceptance criteria, testing outcomes, and facilitating communication between business stakeholders, developers, and project teams. Required 10 Years
Experience with SDLC procedures and system development methodologies. Required 8 Years
Experience managing stakeholder expectations and priorities. Required 8 Years
Experience working within a project governance structure (methodology, required templates, and reporting). Required 8 Years
Excellent task management skills. Ability to balance and manage multiple tasks, with changing priorities, in a cross-functional environment. Required 8 Years
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects, and project activities, simultaneously, while meeting established deadlines. Required 8 Years
Experience with Microsoft development platforms and software. Required 8 Years
Experience in an Agile environment. Required 5 Years
Experience with Application Lifecycle Management [ALM] tools; Microsoft’s Team Foundation Server (TFS), Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS), Azure DevOps (ADO), Atlassian’s Jira, IBM’s Rational Team Suite (RTC). Required 5 Years
Working experience with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio or other relational database software. Desired 5 Years
Familiarity with advanced information management practices, data modeling standards, and/or architecture design and analysis. Desired 3 Years
*no third parties and no sponsorship*
Working with us
Working with TECKpert means more options. As new opportunities arise, you tell us what you think is a good fit for you. What industries interest you most? Do you prefer an on-location, 9-5? Or would you want a flexible schedule and remote work? We proudly offer a wide variety of roles. Many of our TECKperts enjoy coworking and skills training coupled with the stability of full-time employment. We believe TECKpert gives today's digital professionals an agile path to start and advance their career. All of our opportunities require at least 20 hours per week and can be one to twelve months in length. Choose the opportunity that matches your interest and desired cadence.
Next Steps
Download our mobile app, sign up and complete your profile. Upload your resume and express interest for this opportunity by viewing the opportunity and giving the thumbs up. Note, you will also receive push notifications of additional opportunities as they become available. Go to our website and click on the link at the top for iOS or Android.
BODmpiVQS0
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $108,160.00 per year
