1. Contribute to the development of best practice to improve quality, efficiency and effectiveness.
2. Oversee the quality of all deliverables.
3. Perform SAS data processes and analysis programming.
4. Works with Statistician and Statistical programmer to assure results are consistent with expectations, and Quality control procedures are followed.
5. Act as primary contact, when necessary, to ensure that company standards are implemented in all studies.
6. Works collaboratively to meet study deliverables and timelines for statistical data analysis and reporting.
7. Plans and carefully documents differences between programming results between program developer and Statistical QC programmer.
8. Provided programming support on ISS/ISE and post-submission activities.
9. Provide flexible and rapid response to programming requests.
10. Ensure the consistency and adherence to standards within the project.
11. Confirms that tracking sheets are current for projects, and confirm that results are consistent with earlier generated results.
12. Maintain up-to-date study documentations.
13. Identify opportunities to improve the methodology and provide practical solutions for problems.
14. Develop, program, test and maintain computer validation/edit checks in SAS.
15. Validate peer programming.
16. Provide technical expertise and support to Data Management team.
17. Routinely interface with cross-functional team members.
18. Participate in regular team meetings and provide input when appropriate.
19. Participate in the development of clinical programming SOPs and the development/optimization of clinical programming processes from study start up to database lock.
20. Managing project priorities and timelines.
21. Have good knowledge of statistical terminology, clinical data structure, clinical tests, medical terminology, regulatory standards and protocol designs.
Confidential
22. Review programming activities and costs in contracts.
23. Direct responsibility for supervising and training junior clinical programmers in the performance of their duties.
