Machine Learning Engineer
About CoVar
CoVar is a small AI/ML R&D software company in Durham, NC, that uses artificial intelligence to solve problems that matter. We develop AI/ML tools to help the DoD detect enemies and threats, help biomedical researchers find new cures for diseases, and help monitor machinery to prevent injuries and environmental catastrophes. We are passionate engineers, dedicated to pushing the bounds of what AI/ML can do in the real world.
About this position
You will help CoVar develop software and machine learning algorithms to solve real-world customer problems. You will work with data, develop algorithms, evaluate results, and write the production code that goes onto real-world systems. You will have the opportunity to present your work to high-level customers in the DoD and in the industry. The position includes opportunities to publish novel work in both classified and unclassified settings.
Qualifications
Applicants should have expertise in Python (including NumPy, pandas, and other packages) and either PyTorch or TensorFlow. Deep understanding of machine learning fundamentals (gradient descent, cross-validation, ROC curves, confusion matrices) are necessary. Knowledge of classical machine learning (e.g., support-vector-machines, logistic regression) are valued. Applicants are ideally familiar with computer vision algorithms like object detection networks (e.g., YOLO, CenterNet) and modern image classification techniques. Previous experience with DoD customers is a plus.
Minimum qualifications
Software expertise: Python and associated numerical and analytics packages (NUMPY, PANDAS, etc.); git; PYTORCH or TensorFlow; CI/CD pipelines and regression testing.
AI/ML expertise: Machine learning fundamentals; Deep knowledge of state-of-the-art in any of the following: computer vision (preferred), natural language processing, classical machine learning, Bayesian models, etc.
B.S., preferably M.S. or Ph.D in engineering, math, computer science, or related field
Excellent technical communication skills
Ability to work in Durham, NC (relocation assistance available)
Eligibility for US security clearance
Bonus skills
Department of Defense project experience
Benefits
Competitive salary, cash bonus, equity structure, and 401k with employer contributions
Excellent health care coverage, including dental and vision plans
Flexible work schedule
Tuition support
Visit us: www.covar.com
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Ability to commute/relocate:
Durham, NC 27707: Reliably commute or willing to relocate with an employer-provided relocation package (Preferred)
Application Question(s):
Are you eligible for a US security clearance? (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
Python: 3 years (Preferred)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Durham, NC 27707
