Overview
Who we are
Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world’s most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We’re looking for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow. with us.
An important part of the Toyota family is Toyota Financial Services (TFS), the finance and insurance brand for Toyota and Lexus in North America. While TFS is a separate business entity, it is an essential part of this world-changing company – delivering on Toyota’s vision to move people beyond what’s possible. At TFS, you will help create best-in-class customer experiences in an innovative, collaborative environment.
Who we’re looking for
The Data and Analytics (DnA) Department for TFS is looking for a passionate and highly motivated Manager, Data Science.
The primary responsibility of this role is to provide data science oversight and support to one of several possible areas. Areas of support may focus on an individual area or span multiple areas, including but not limited to: Sales and Marketing, Credit Risk, Residual Value, Customer Management, and Collections, as well as horizontal functions like Finance and Human Resources, or associated business including Insurance and Manufacturing.
Reporting to the National Manager, Data Science, the person in this role will balance hands-on model development activities with providing direction to the business, and will deliver projects and outcomes through others, whether in their direct management line or as a leader of an individual project.
Specific responsibilities include extracting and linking data from company systems; manipulating and cleaning the results, building predictive and prescriptive models to extract insights, and presenting the findings and recommendations to business partners and leaders across the business.
What you’ll be doing
Turn Data into Actionable Analytical Insights
Partner with the business to identify the most critical questions that need to be answered about our customers and their value.
Hands-on data extraction and data wrangling from internal and external systems.
Analysis and model building using advanced analytics tools and techniques using statistical software packages like Python, SQL, R, SAS, etc.
Presenting/Communicating Insights and Recommendations
Develop, manage, and deploy analytic solutions.
Build PowerPoint presentations to clearly explain results and recommend business decisions.
Create output and/or results that visualize findings using fixed reports and/or tools like Tableau/Power BI.
Facilitate Project Planning
Develop project plans and integrate inflows and outflows of information with teams upstream and downstream from analytical efforts.
Attend and participate (where appropriate) in various project planning and prioritization sessions.
Lead from the Front
Build cutting-edge analytical capabilities.
Mentor junior analysts in utilizing data to solve business problems.
What you bring
Graduate degree in a quantitative discipline.
Extensive work experience with programming in Python using NumPy and Pandas.
Professional experience with programming in Python, R, SAS, and/or SQL.
Excellent skills in building and giving presentations.
Professional experience in applying predictive models to real-world problems.
Proven ability to develop and execute project plans.
Ability and willingness to travel up to 10% of the time.
Added bonus if you have
Highest degree specifically in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics / Econometrics, Finance, Data Science, Machine Learning, AI, Financial Engineering, Computational Finance, Operational Research, and Industrial Engineering.
Experience in the financial services industry.
Experience leading/managing a team.
What we’ll bring
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include:
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility, and respect.
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement.
Vehicle purchase & lease programs.
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family.
Flextime and virtual work options (if applicable).
Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute.
Paid holidays and paid time off.
Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, childcare, schools, and more.
Flexible spending accounts.
Relocation assistance (if applicable).
To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time.
Belonging at Toyota
Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. Respect for all is our North Star. Toyota is proud to have 10+ different Business Partnering Groups across 100 different North American chapter locations that support team members’ efforts to dream, do and grow without questioning that they belong. As a company that has been one of DiversityInc’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity and a member of The Billion Dollar Roundtable supporting minority and woman-owned suppliers for over 10 years, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business.

Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.
Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com or send an email to talent.acquisition@toyota.com.
