Job Posting
: Oct 4, 2022
Job Posting End Date
: Ongoing
Location
: US-WA-Seattle-Starbucks Support Center
Is this role eligible for remote or hybrid work? : Yes-Remote
Starbucks - Engineering
Schedule
: Full-time
Pay Range : 139000-246700
Bonus Eligible : Yes
Job Summary and Mission
Are you a veteran engineering leader who wants to work for an ethical company, making an impact at the enterprise level?
You might be a senior engineering leader wanting to focus on the data engineering practice, or you are an experienced data engineering manager looking for enterprise scale.
Do you understand data? Are you passionate about developing a work environment that keeps your team motivated and inspired? Is your focus to be a part of solving real-world issues?
If you answered yes and meet the below criteria, we would like to hear from you!
This job contributes to Starbucks’ success by developing and executing all data engineering-related functions supporting Starbucks Enterprise Analytics, Reporting, and Data access functions. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks’ guiding principles.
Summary of Key Responsibilities:
Leadership
Provides clear intent:
Sets objectives and goals for the team.
Creates an environment that encourages innovation and problem solving
Prioritizes initiatives and can relate all work directly to business requirements and stakeholders
Identifies and communicates roles and responsibilities, ensuring the team fits into the broader organization
Refines and optimizes the team structure to ensure close collaboration with other teams involved in common initiatives. Contributes to organizational capability and how we work together
Proactively communicates on emerging issues, shifts in priority, and new opportunities
Builds an environment of trust
Planning and Execution
Develops effective, functional process supporting effective execution:
Ensures that programs and the team effort are aligned with company business goals and objectives.
Provides consultation and support to ensure the correct management tools and processes are used.
Relates initiatives to higher goals maintaining a coherent ‘big picture’ work effort
Provides transparency in work effort and resource allocation
Stakeholder Focus
Providing functional expertise and a consultative relationship:
Consults with business stakeholders to understand how data is needed and used within Starbucks
Develops, implements, and maintains relationships with technology leaders and peers that are part of the ‘data chain’
Educates business and data stakeholders on data management principles and initiatives
Staff Development & Team Building
Provides coaching, feedback, and developmental opportunities to build an effective happy team:
Inspires the team to achieve business results
Develops and supports individual career development plans.
Nurtures a sense of purpose for all team members
Provides personalized coaching, direction, and leadership support to team members to achieve personal, business, and customer results.
Technology
Strong SDLC knowledge. Leads the development of and adherence to development standards. Acts as a consultant to Data Science and Analytics teams to follow engineering practices.
Builds and maintains a coherent set of tools and technologies to support an enterprise Data and Analytics capability
Develops and documents implementation patterns, supporting common requirements and business needs
Applies the most appropriate technology to the specific use case
Researches and proposes technology, methods, and approaches to support new emerging trends in Starbucks data usage
Data
Develops and maintains a data strategy that creates foundational data products supporting all Starbucks data personas and use cases.
Develops a framework of data Products that supports all data usage use cases, including Operational reporting, Analytics, and AI/ML.
Summary of required Experience and Expertise
Demonstrated track record of servant leadership
Demonstrated bias for action and initiative
Demonstrated capability to innovate without direct supervision
Previous hands-on data engineering or coding experience (current role does not require coding)
Deep understanding of the process, including Waterfall and Agile methodologies
Deep understanding of SDLC
Deep understanding of Data concepts and Architecture
Demonstrated ability to establish plans and manage execution
Strong written, verbal, and active listening skills
Leadership exposure – 4+ years. Does not have to be limited to technology sector experience, Military or EMS leadership experience a bonus
Hands on Coding experience – 3+ years
Project or Product execution – 5+ years
Enterprise Data experience – 5+ years
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
