About Lumen
Lumen is guided by our belief that humanity is at its best when technology advances the way we live and work. With 450,000 route fiber miles serving customers in more than 60 countries, we deliver the fastest, most secure global platform for applications and data to help businesses, government and communities deliver amazing experiences. Learn more about Lumen’s network, edge cloud, security and communication and collaboration solutions and our purpose to further human progress through technology at news.lumen.com, LinkedIn: /lumentechnologies, Twitter: @lumentechco, Facebook: /lumentechnologies, Instagram: @lumentechnologies and YouTube: /lumentechnologies.
The Role
Lead a portion of a program effort to translate the client's business requirements into specific data systems, applications, or process designs and deliver innovative business consulting, business process design, systems integration, and support application design. Exercise latitude to translate the needs of the business into system capabilities in the form of system requirement specifications. Understand and support the data architecture with the ability and expertise to develop an overall solution to support the architectural direction. Perform research and development activities to support future IT business strategies.
The Main Responsibilities
Evaluate complex SQL queries
Perform basic Data modeling in complex data environments
Work in Finance ERP programs such as Oracle Finance or SAP
Translate business requirements into data solutions and development features
Discover, capture, and correlate business processes with data flows
Diagram data flow and relate all aspects to business requirements and development efforts
Analyze data from various sources and determine next actions
Conduct research into systems issues and products as required
What We Look For in a Candidate
Required Qualifications and Skills:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent education and relevant experience.
10+ years of related experience
Experience working in an Agile environment
Experience in building advanced data solutions with Finance ERP systems such as SAP and Oracle Financials.
Understanding of corporate finance topics including Accounts Receivable, Billing, Revenue Management, and General Ledger.
Experience with traditional data warehouse data structures
Experience with source to target mappings and ETL tools
Experience preparing flow charts, business process management (BPM) workflow, and systems diagrams to assist in problem analysis
Knowledge of IT operations, such as operating systems components, utilities, production schedulers, and system environment hardware components
Demonstrated ability to communicate ideas in both technical and business user-friendly language Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail
Proven analytical and creative problem-solving abilities
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment
Experience leading a team of onshore and offshore analysts
Strong communications skills
Ability to train, coach, and mentor other team members
Ability to influence leaders, peers, and development teams

Desired Qualifications and Skills:
Ability to adapt to new situations and learn quickly
Data integration problem-solving skills with the ability to find successful resolutions
Organization skills and ability to work on multiple projects and/or assignments simultaneously
Experience with data pipelines using Confluent Kafka
Experience designing solutions in GCP
What to Expect Next
Requisition #: 279198
EEO Statement
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.
Disclaimer
The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.

Salary Range
Salary Min :
100440
Salary Max :
223680
This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.
This position is eligible for either short-term incentives or sales compensation. Director and VP positions also are eligible for long-term incentive. To learn more about our bonus structure, you can view additional information here. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have as you move through the selection process.
As part of our comprehensive benefits package, Lumen offers a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle and other benefits and perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. You can learn more by clicking here.
Note: For union-represented postings, wage rates and ranges are governed by applicable collective bargaining agreement provisions.
Salary Range
Salary Min :
100440
Salary Max :
223680
This information reflects the base salary pay range for this job based on current national market data. Ranges may vary based on the job's location. We offer competitive pay that varies based on individual experience, qualifications and other relevant factors. We encourage you to apply to positions that you are interested in and for which you believe you are qualified. To learn more, you are welcome to discuss with us as you move through the selection process.
