Machine Learning Operations Engineer
Part-Time/Consulting
www.EcoMetricx.com
EcoMetricx is re-defining economic consulting through advanced causal analytics. We augment economic evaluation with AI and machine learning tools to advise top decision-makers at leading companies.
EcoMetricx employs cutting-edge AI to manage large-scale databases, extract actionable insights from complex customer data, and predict new trends. We design unique programs and experiments which maximize revenue and customer satisfaction using economic principles and insights from behavioral science. We build advanced custom causal statistical and machine learning tools to provide quantitative evaluations of customer behavior and forecasts.
EcoMetricx is an innovative company driven by a diverse and international team. We are looking to break through established siloes and provide creative but scientifically rigorous solutions for our clients.
We are looking for an engineer to join our machine learning team immediately to
Interact with key client decision makers (CTO, Tech VPs, etc.) to understand their vision, gather requirements, and offer relevant insight based on experience in the field
Design optimal database strategies to support client vision and product development
Work in a collaborative team setting to expand and maintain our growing ML platform and infrastructure
Want to learn new languages, paradigms, patterns, and frameworks
Enjoy using your creativity and resourcefulness to tackle unexpected challenges
Your Experience
Bachelor’s degree in relevant field such as Computer Science
Proven experience with SQL Server, Azure, AWS, Terraform, containerization tools (e.g., Docker), and/or orchestration systems (e.g., k8s)
Strong understanding of security best practices in cloud and applications development
Advanced python and related programming skills
Basic understanding and willingness to learn machine learning algorithms and concepts
Well-versed in data base design and optimization
Excellent problem-solving skills
Strong organizational skills, an orientation toward detail, and collaboration oriented.
Your Personality
Quick and independent learner
Rigorous and detail-oriented scientific thinker
Team player
Motivated and inquisitive problem solver
Benefits
We are hiring worldwide, so we cannot add specific compensation here. Please tell us about your comp expectations when you apply so we can make sure there is a fit. Be sure we are paying competitively.
Diversity
We are striving to create a work environment welcoming for everyone. We hire great people from diverse backgrounds, not only because it’s the right thing to do but because we believe it makes our team stronger. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.
Ready to apply?
Please follow this link and apply there with your CV: https://jobs.gohire.io/K9N4Nv7g/110579/
Job Types: Part-time, Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Benefits:
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
fully remote position
Application Question(s):
What is your preferred compensation in USD?
Experience:
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
