We specialize in healthcare management technology and offer a suite of utilization management software solutions for our clients. Our mission is dedicated to improving the quality of care and expediting the delivery of health care services by advancing and automating utilization management processes. We are based in Parsippany NJ, with clients across the United States. As we grow, we are looking for a detailed- oriented, self-motivated, independent Business Analyst to help analyze, design and modify business needs and requirements.
Responsibilities:
Work with other departments to ensure that the customer’s business requirements are accurately incorporated into the product, in a timely manner.
Work with account managers and technical lead(s) to gather business requirements from customers. This includes but is not limited to meeting with customer operations to understand and document their current process, gaps and needs.
Work with technical lead(s) to come up with a solution(s) for the identified gaps. This includes but is not limited to meetings; brainstorming while re-creating scenarios in the application; impact analysis for identified requirements.
Work with the account manager and customer to get clarifications identified during the design process. Manage Functional Requirements Documentation Process
Document proposed solution(s) in a functional requirement document (FRD) for the customer and developers to use.
Participate in follow-up calls regarding the FRD.
Provide the customer and developers with required updated to the FRD.
Participate in FRD walk-throughs conducted by the technical leads. Actively identify gaps not addressed in the FRD or missed by the developers.
Test FRD changes in a test region. Coordinate between account manager, the customer (business operations as well as end-users), technical leads, and other departments in the analysis, design, configuration, testing, and maintenance to ensure optimal operational performance.
Work on assigned projects with respect to global enhancements.
Work on document creation for customer and account management use.
Some overnight travel to customer sites is required (up to 2 times per year).
Qualifications:
2-4 years of experience in a role working with health plans, PBM, specialty pharmacy or a department that has worked with prior authorization and claims.
Comfortable with being managed remotely. Prior experience in a similar role is a plus.
Experience working with MS-Office products.
Authorized to work in the USA, without Sponsorship or Restrictions.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
PBM: 3 years (Preferred)
Healthcare Industry: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
