The world has changed. Why hasn't insurance?
Kin's mission is to reimagine home insurance For Every New Normal. While other insurers struggle to handle a fast-changing world, Kin is built for the future and is prepared to meet its challenges head on while helping our customers do the same.
Kin is proud to be one of BuiltIn Chicago's 2021 and 2022 Best Mid Sized Companies to work for, and Forbes 2021 Best Startup Employers in North America. Simply put, our people are what make us great, and we need forward-thinking, inspired game-changers like you to join us in our mission.
So, what's the role?
We are looking for a Director of Data Science to join us in transforming the way data & analytics is used in insurance. Since we tackle insurance differently, we are looking for this individual to bring their expertise and knowledge to the team while also working to innovate and continually find more effective and efficient ways to grow our business profitably, while retaining our best customers.
You'll have the opportunity to build out a team of highly skilled data scientists and develop an analytics strategy as Kin expands into new states and product lines. This position will work closely with each business unit to brainstorm, develop, and operationalize various predictive models to drive business results.
In addition, you'll have a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our growing data engineering & MLops teams to contribute to the model development and implementation engineering strategy.
A day in the life could include:
Recruit, onboard, and develop a team of highly skilled data scientists
Work alongside business partners to build out a data science vision, strategy, & roadmap
Translate business objectives into analytics solutions and translate results into business insights using appropriate data science applications
Collaborate with the engineering team to research and recommend tools to assist with the development and productionalizing of ML models
Contribute & lead the development of industry-leading predictive models, including profitability & price sensitivity models
Communicate technical findings to both technical & non-technical peers & leaders
Identify, integrate, and parse large data sets, combining data from disparate sources to identify insights and patterns using traditional as well as predictive and prescriptive analytics.
Develop data science best practices and basic analytics training across the organization
I've got the skills… but do I have the necessary ones?
10 years+ experience developing and leveraging predictive models / machine learning to drive business results
5 years+ experience managing data scientists, developing both individual contributors and people leaders
Insurance experience strongly preferred
Proficient in Python and various ML frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, h2o, xgboost)
Experience working with tools to develop and implement predictive models (i.e. Domino Data Labs, Sagemaker, etc…)
Experience operationalizing & scaling predictive models in production to solve real world problems
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or related field preferred
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to explain and discuss technical concepts to peers and leaders from other disciplines
Experience working with remote/distributed teams is strongly desired.
Familiarity with the full ML Ops cycle.
Demonstrated track record of thinking outside the box to use new data sets to influence outcomes.

Oh, and don't worry, we've got you covered!
Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance
Flexible PTO policy
Very generous equity options and 401K
Parental Leave
Continuing education and professional development
Disability and Life Insurance
The excitement of joining a high-growth Insurtech company and seeing your work make an impact
About Kin
In an industry that hasn't budged in more than 100 years, our technology transforms the user experience, cuts inefficiencies that waste billions of consumer dollars, and customizes coverage homeowners want. We believe insurance was always meant to be a digital product – we're making that a reality.
Our approach to the industry makes us unique, and the people at Kin help us excel. We're a team of problem solvers, collaborators, builders, and dreamers who are passionate about creating positive change in the lives of our customers and in our industry. Kin is more than just our name – it's how we treat each other. That's one of the many reasons we've been recognized as a great place to work by Built In, Forbes, and Fast Company.

EEOC Statement
Kin is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We don't just accept difference – we honor it, nurture it, and celebrate it. We don't discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
Kin encourages applications from all backgrounds, communities and industries, and are committed to having a team that is made up of diverse skills, experiences and abilities.

#LI-Remote
