As a BI developer at isolved you will be responsible for the development and administration of BI tools along with complete knowledge of the BI system. Your main duty of a Power BI developer is to convert data into meaningful insights through interactive and easy-to-understand dashboards and reports.
Core Job Duties
Create dashboards and interactive visual reports using Power BI.
Identify key performance indicators (KPIs) with clear objectives and consistently monitor.
Analyze data and present data through reports that aid decision-making.
Convert business requirements into technical specifications and decide timeline to accomplish.
Work with users and team members at all levels for performance improvement and suggestions.
Develop reports in Power BI.
Establish framework and documentation for data collection and reporting.
Design, develop and deploy business intelligence solutions as per needs.
Job Complexity
Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Go-to expert in one specific area of their role. Some barriers to entry exist at this level (e.g., dept/peer review). Level at which career may plateau.
Interaction
Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.
Supervision
Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel (Team Lead).
Experience
Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree; or 6 years and a Master's degree; or equivalent experience.
Minimum Qualifications
Expert understanding of Power BI and time intelligence.
Minimum 5 years experience as a Power BI Developer.
Ability to write and execute DAX measures, queries and functions in Power BI.
Understand business requirements in BI context and design convert data into meaningful insights.
Understanding of the theory of visual design.
Understanding of the testing and validation process of Power BI reports.
• Redefine and make technical/strategic changes to enhance existing Business Intelligence systems. • Ability to decipher and compile data in a complex, multi-system environment with non-normalized data.
Expert understanding of Tableau, Domo and other BI software tools.
Additional Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred or equivalent combination of education and work. experience in competency area required.
Experienced Power BI Developer looking for a challenge.
Demonstrated experience/report portfolio.
Physical Demands
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer. Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds.
Travel Required
Yes, up to 15% domestic travel may be required.
#CB
