Liftoff is the leading growth acceleration platform for the mobile industry, helping advertisers, publishers, game developers and DSPs scale revenue growth with solutions to market and monetize mobile apps.
Liftoff's solutions, including Accelerate, Direct, Influence, Monetize, Intelligence, and Vungle Exchange, support over 6,600 mobile businesses across 74 countries in sectors such as gaming, social, finance, ecommerce, and entertainment. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Redwood City, CA, Liftoff has a diverse, global presence.

As a Machine Learning Engineer at Liftoff you will:
Own both the ML models and the underlying software tooling and infrastructure. Our ML Engineer role combines the classic "ML Scientist" and "Data Engineer" role at other companies.
Have a closed feedback loop from hypothesis generation to live AB testing, with no cross-team friction and sub-day iteration cycles.
Take on unique modeling challenges not covered in the scientific literature, like extreme positive sample sparsity and labelling delay.
Work with modeling techniques at the state-of-the-art of probability prediction, as well as a multitude of other ML areas from NLP to CNNs.
Become an expert in Clojure, Go, and the many other cutting-edge open source technologies that maximize our development velocity.
Join a nimble, consistently excellent, and experienced engineering team (former Google/LI/Ooyala/etc).
Location:
This role is eligible to work out of any of our below North America office locations or is eligible for full-time remote work in one of our entities.
US office locations: Redwood City (HQ), San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, Seattle, Austin (office in 2022)
Additionally, Liftoff recently announced approved North American locations from which some employees may request to work from any city and county: California, Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Georgia, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah and Washington in the US, and Canada.
Desired qualities and experiences:
Very strong coding ability (experience in Go and Clojure is a plus).
3+ years of industry experience applying Machine Learning to large scale problems.
Strong core CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, architecting systems).
A passion for quality and excellence, and the ability to temper it when necessary to ship.
Sets ego aside in pursuit of finding the best solution, no matter where it comes from.
Self-motivated and a great ability to hustle.
B.S. or higher in Computer Science. PhD a big plus.
Working at Liftoff is fast-paced, fun, and challenging, and we thrive on innovation. Come join our team and help shape the future of the mobile app ecosystem. If this role sounds interesting to you, we would love to hear from you!

#LI-EL1
#LI-Remote

Liftoff is committed to providing and maintaining a work environment where all employees and candidates are treated with dignity and respect and that is free of bias, prejudice, and harassment. Liftoff is further committed to providing an equal employment opportunity for all employees and candidates for employment free from discrimination and harassment on the basis of sex, gender (including sexual harassment, gender harassment, and harassment due to pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and related conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, gender nonconformity, race, creed, religion, color, national origin, ancestry (including association, affiliation, or participation with persons or activities related to national origin, English-proficiency or accent, or immigration status), physical or mental disability, medical condition(s), genetic information of an individual or family member of the individual, marital or domestic partner status, age, veteran or military status, family care status, requesting or taking pregnancy, parental or disability leave, requesting an accommodation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance. All such discrimination and harassment is unlawful and will not be tolerated. Liftoff maintains a continued commitment to equal employment opportunity and expects the full cooperation of all personnel.

Agency and Third Party Recruiter Notice:
Liftoff does not accept unsolicited resumes from individual recruiters or third-party recruiting agencies in response to job postings. No fee will be paid to third parties who submit unsolicited candidates directly to our hiring managers or Recruiting Team. All candidates must be submitted via our Applicant Tracking System by approved Liftoff vendors who have been expressly requested to make a submission by our Recruiting Team for a specific job opening. No placement fees will be paid to any firm unless such a request has been made by the Liftoff Recruiting Team and such a candidate was submitted to the Liftoff Recruiting Team via our Applicant Tracking System.
