Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with advanced technical principles, theories, and concepts.
Be challenged with working on complex technical problems and providing innovative solutions.
Work with highly experienced and technical resources.
Work with the project team and business stakeholders/technical leads to define, analyze, and document requirements for new ServiceNow processes or improvements to current processes.
Work with the ServiceNow development team to validate the solutions for defined requirements.
Help other Business Analysts on the project team.
Develop procedures, manuals, and other documentation as needed.
Develop User Stories based on business requirements provided by the stakeholders/technical leads.
Document current and future processes and workflows.
Manage the User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and validation activities.
Help the Project Management Team as needed.
All other duties as assigned or directed.
Basic Qualifications:
5 years of experience as a Business Analyst in the areas of Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity
5 years of experience in designing and building business processes
3 years of experience with process flow documentation creation
Understanding of Agile software development practices
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation skills
Required Skills:
Solid Business Analyst experience – Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Projects
Knowledge and experience with infrastructure platforms
Desired Skills:
Experience with using ServiceNow Business Continuity Management (BCM) and/or ServiceNow Integrated Risk Management (IRM) modules.
ServiceNow Certification.
Previous Government experience
Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related field
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $40.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Baltimore, MD 21218: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Security clearance:
Confidential (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $40.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Baltimore, MD 21218: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
MySQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Database administration: 1 year (Preferred)
Oracle: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
