Job Overview

Manage and coordinate the work of a small team of data scientists. As a mentor to direct reports: identify and develop professional growth opportunities, interpersonal skills, and industry knowledge. Serve as a business partner to internal and external stakeholders, for data-analytic deliverables (including R&D) that are not automated or routine in nature, and require programming and data analysis expertise. The Data Science Manager will develop data assets for analytic deliverables, including basic data analysis, advanced statistical analyses (e.g. regression modeling), reporting, and visualization (e.g. reports, dashboards, infographics). They will also perform analytic work, including executing analyses, producing reports and other deliverables.

Duties and Responsibilities

Staff Management
Assigns and coordinates work of direct reports
Develop technical skills, interpersonal skills and subject matter expertise of direct reports
Coach direct reports on analytic project scope, approach and delivery
Identify and deliver on opportunities for analytic innovation
Function as a data and analytics subject matter expert, in collaboration with other business partners across the enterprise such as Product, Sales, Marketing, Thought Leaders, etc.
Stay abreast of healthcare industry issues affecting PG clients (e.g. VBP, HCAHPS, “Population Health”)

Data Wrangling and Exploration:
Cleans data (transforming, handling missing fields, duplicate management)
Validates data for completeness and usability (ability to identify questionable data, investigate and resolve)
Integrates data sets from different sources
Produces ad-hoc datasets for internal stakeholders
Analyses and Statistics:
Performs custom analyses as needed
Applies appropriate statistical techniques to analyses
Serves as subject matter expert on statistical methodology
Interprets findings of analyses
Considers scalability and repeatability in choosing appropriate methodology
Storytelling and Design:
Produces appropriate visualizations to tell a story
Synthesizes findings into audience-appropriate narratives
Considers user experience (UX) in dashboard design
Technical Skills:
Demonstrates proficiency in scripting language (R preferred, Python or similar welcome)
Demonstrates proficiency in using relational databases (e.g. – SQL Server, Oracle)
Modifies existing analyses to meet new requirements
Creates and scales analytics for client deliverables
Designs internal applications (e.g. – Shiny)
Communication Skills:
Documents projects, processes, and code
Interacts with peers to communicate technical findings
Communicates complex statistical findings to non-technical audiences
Partners with other departments (Product, Marketing, Thought Leadership)
Innovation:
Stay abreast of contemporary analytics (e.g. - ML applications, new statistical techniques or technologies)
Is aware of healthcare analytics trends
Identifies novel analytic solutions to answer common healthcare problems
Personal Characteristics:
Is inquisitive – asks good questions, passionate about learning
Checks over findings for validity
Attempts to overcome obstacles independently


Qualifications
Intermediate to advanced proficiency with R or Python
Formal training or extensive applied experience with advanced statistical methods such as regression modeling and/or ML (e.g. classification trees)
Experience with data visualization and storytelling
Experience with relational databases and/or cloud-based technologies (e.g. SQL Server, Azure, AWS, etc.)
Education
Bachelor's in Statistics, Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science, Economics, or other quantitative discipline with 3-5 years management experience
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science, Economics with 1-3 years’ management experience

All positions at Press Ganey require an applicant who has accepted an offer to undergo a background check. The specific checks are based on the nature of the position. Background checks may include some or all of the following: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. By applying for a position with Press Ganey, you understand that you will be required to undergo a background check should you be made an offer. You also understand that the offer is contingent upon successful completion of the background check and results consistent with Press Ganey's employment policies. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required for the position.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Press Ganey requires all of its associates to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, or have an approved medical or religious exemption, prior to their start date to enter any of our locations or to visit with a client. Associates who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disability/medical contraindication or sincerely held religious belief may request an accommodation to this requirement.
Press Ganey Associates LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and well committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Notice – Press Ganey will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.
#LI-Recruiter
