Data Manager Job Description
Here at Digible we are building the future of Digital Marketing for the Multifamily industry. We are building a set of technologies, named Fiona, which helps marketers become more efficient at Digital Marketing through the use of cutting-edge technologies, programming, the cloud, and Artificial Intelligence.
The Data Manager is an organizational leader with a passion for data and analysis who has a clear vision for how data can transform company strategy. The role requires hands-on leadership necessary to grow a team through the growth phase into the maturity phase.
The Data Manager is responsible for scaling the data function in an environment based primarily on cloud-based systems. Additionally, Data Manager directs and oversees the design and development of systems used for managing data such as data warehouses, data stores, and other business intelligence systems.
The manager must consider operations and be able to manage a remote, geographically dispersed team. The director ensures that the organization always approaches work with the goal of continuous improvement.
What you'll do:
Lead & manage a team of 3-4 people and 3 contractors
Manage resources and the budget
Have weekly 1:1s with direct reports to ensure, happiness performance, and career growth
Manage operational and strategic aspects of data management, especially regarding product development and decision-making
Handle data management to develop, implement, and complete projects
Ensuring a high level of data quality based on regulatory standards
Lead the data roadmaps
Develop dashboards and metrics to show the status of data governance and quality
Oversee the collection of information into the business data warehouse
Build analytic solutions using various big data techniques and tools
Document these technical solutions and the data architecture
Provide guidance to direct reports and others in the company using best industry practices
Identify & design opportunities to improve the efficiency of data integrations / ELT, and overall software surrounding the data
Reduce the time to market as it relates to data-driven solutions
Ensuring that developing and maintaining monitoring dashboards for data extraction job status, while communicating outages and having a high standard of SLA to resolve outages in a timely manner
You'll love this job if you:
Love working with data
Enjoy writing Python scripts and deploying jobs that fetch data from APIs
Relish in the idea of utilizing the latest cloud solutions in order to more quickly deliver solutions
Delight in increasing data quality and reliability
Find yourself automating everything possible
Rejoice in watching your teammates learn, grow, and succeed
Love taking charge of projects and owning their success
Have a customer-first mentality
Like understanding the needs of the business
Have meticulous attention to detail and a commitment to accuracy
Requirements
Experience growing and leading a team of technical people
Experience keeping track of metrics that help determine the success of a technical team
Experience owning and managing technical tasks and a roadmap
Experience delving through the buy vs build paradigm
Experience working cross-departmentally to achieve company goals
Experience using creative solutions to bring solutions to market quickly and efficiently
Experience choosing when to acquire tech debt for the sake of speed, and when to tackle tech debt for the sake of lowering maintenance costs
Experience building batch-processing and streaming data pipelines
Experience building API endpoints that follow a standard such as Swagger/OpenAPI
Experience with Cloud Providers. Examples: AWS, GCP, Azure, etc
Experience with Cloud data tools. Examples: GCP DataFlow, AWS Glue, etc
Experience working with data warehouses. Examples: GCP BigQuery, AWS RedShift, Snowflake, etc
Experience working with databases. Examples: PostgreSQL, MySQL, MSSQL, etc
Experience with the following technical skills: Python, SQL, RESTful APIs
Experience building BI dashboards
Experience working with scraping tools
Pay, perks, and such:
Research and Development Budget
Training Budget
Autonomy to run the department, expenses, and investments against the P&L
4-Day Work Week (32-hour work week)
3 work weeks paid time off (12 days)
10 company-recognized holidays + 3 floating holidays
Sick and bereavement policy
Access to learning tools such as PluralSight, Coursera, etc
Access to an Employee Development Program
Company-paid social events
Dog-Friendly Office
Paid Parental Leave
IP & Patent Program
401k Match
Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits
Salary Range: $110,000 - $140,000
Company Info
Privately owned and operated, Digible was founded in 2017 with a mission to bring sophisticated digital marketing solutions to the multifamily industry. We offer a comprehensive suite of digital services as well as a predictive analytics platform, Fiona, that is the first of its kind.
Digible's Purpose
To be a role model for employee culture and a catalyst for progressive change.
Core Values
Authenticity - The commitment to be steadfast and genuine with our actions and communication toward everyone we touch.
Curiosity - The belief that a deep and fundamental curiosity (the "why") in our work is vital to company innovation and evolution.
Focus - The collective will to remain completely devoted and ultimately accountable to our deliverables.
Humility - The recognition and daily practice that "we" is always greater than "I".
Happiness - The decision to prioritize passion and love for what we do above everything else.
About
At Digible, Inc. we love to celebrate our diverse group of hardworking employees – and it shows. We're proud to say that for 2021, we are ranked #1 Top Workplace in Colorado AND #1 Workplace for "Best New Ideas". We pride ourselves on our collaborative, transparent, and authentic culture. These values are pervasive throughout every step of a Digible employee's journey. Starting with our interviews and continuing through our weekly All Hands Transparency Round-up, values are at the heart of working at Digible.
We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, flexible vacation, a 401(k) plan with match, parental leave, and professional coaching with BetterUp. We also offer some not-so-standard, extra-fun benefits, including our own DEX (Digible Employee eXperience) program that allows employees to use 20% of their workweek for charitable or other self-directed activities, learning and development budgets and let's not forget a dog-friendly office. :)
We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and different industries to apply. Come join us and find out what the best work of your career could look like here at Digible.
