Job Description Summary:
Who We Seek:

Passion Seekers. You genuinely care about the work that you do and its impact on society.
Self-Starters. You’re a go-getter who isn’t afraid to step up and disrupt the status quo.
Entrepreneurs. You bring fresh ideas to the table, work hard, develop business and consistently seek new challenges.
Collaborators. You’re a great contributor to a high performing team that accomplishes great feats for our clients.

What You Will Do:

Support business intelligence solution architecture, design, development, implementation, and administration for a mid-sized federal client across a complex data landscape
Act as a team member for the development of technical and functional requirements leveraging multiple artifacts and documentation throughout an iterative, Agile development lifecycle
Leverage strong conceptual and technical knowledge of business intelligence (BI) tools like MicroStrategy, software components, design, development, and integration best practices to develop impactful BI solutions
Participate in requirements gathering discussions and collect the appropriate level of detail required to and drive towards immediate technical results to solve client problems
Provide conceptual and technical knowledge thought leadership of BI MicroStrategy tools architecture, software components, design, development and integration best practices across development workstream

#techjobs
Job Summary:
Experience leading data analysis, data modeling and evaluation of new Business Intelligence technologies, features and products to synthesize innovative production solutions
Experience installing, upgrading, administering, maintaining and troubleshooting MicroStrategy product suite software components to tune and optimize performance
Experience demonstrating MicroStrategy development tools including Architect, Desktop, Web, Mobile, Object Manager, Enterprise Manager and Command Manage
Experience applying SDLC best practices in a consulting environment with demonstrated ability to quickly decipher, analyze, translate and prototype MicroStrategy solutions in Agile development sprints
Demonstrated ability to build trusted advisor relationships with clients
Experience supporting sales and business development
Required:
Certifications: MicroStrategy Certified Developer
Due to federal client requirements, only US Citizens can be considered
Must Be Eligible to Obtain Government Public Trust
MAXIMUS Introduction: Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status. Pay Transparency: Maximus compensation is based on various factors including but not limited to a candidate's education, training, experience, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value analysis including seniority and merit systems, as well as internal pay alignment. Annual salary is just one component of Maximus's total compensation package. Other rewards may include short- and long-term incentives as well as program-specific awards. Additionally, Maximus provides a variety of benefits to employees, including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, a retirement savings plan, paid holidays and paid time off. Compensation shall be commensurate with job duties and relevant work experience. An applicant's salary history will not be used in determining compensation.
