At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ,Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility. We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’. There are so many reasons to join us. If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.

Data Scientist Computational Genetics

YOUR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The primary responsibilities of this role Data Scientist computational Genetics are to:

Provide technical contributions in a fast paced team environment to accelerate our efforts on building an analytics driven product pipelineusing genotypic and genomic data;
Independently perform statistical analysis, computer programming,predictive modeling and experimental design;
Build cross functional relationships to collaboratively partner with the business and effectively network within the Data Science Community;
Use advanced mathematical models, machine learning algorithms, operations research techniques and strong business acumen to deliverinsight, recommendations and solutions;
Contribute to the development of code, bioinformatic analyses pipelines, computational tools, and databases for mining andvisualizing large genomic data sets;
Develop sustainable, consumable, accurate and impactful reporting on model inputs, model outputs, observed outputs, business impact and key performance indicators;
Present compelling, validated stories to all levels of organization, including peers, senior management and internal customers to drive bothstrategic and operational changes in business.

Domestic Relocation as well as visa sponsorship is available.

WHO YOU ARE

Your success will be driven by your demonstration of our life values, more specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possesses the following

Required qualifications:

Bachelor s degree;
Educational preparation or applied experience in at least one of the following areas: Machine Learning, Electrical/Industrial Engineering,Operation Research, Statistical Genetics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Genomics, Computational Biology, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science or other related quantitative discipline;
Demonstrates intermediate proficiency in computational skills and level of experience building data models using R, Python or otherstatistical or mathematical programming packages;
Strong proficiency in predictive modeling to include comprehension of theory, modeling/identification strategies and limitations and pitfalls;
Intermediate proficiency in machine learning algorithms and concepts;
Experience in successful delivery of valuable analysis through application of domain knowledge; evidence of ability to strong businessacumen;
Strong communication competencies to include presentations and delivery of complex quantitative analyses in a clear, concise andactionable manner to extended team and small groups of key stakeholders.

Preferred:

Bachelor s degree with at least five years of post graduate experience in field or Master s degree with at least two years of experience or Ph.D.;

Employees can expect to be paid a salary of approximately $110,000.00 (or between $98,000.00 to $145,000.00). Additional compensation may include a bonus or commission (if relevant). Other benefits include health care, vision, dental, retirement, PTO, sick leave, etc.. If selected for this role, the offer may vary based on market data/ranges, an applicant’s skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications, and other relevant factors.


YOUR APPLICATION



Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs. If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and want to impact our mission Science for a better life, we encourage you to apply now. Be part of something bigger. Be you. Be Bayer.
To all recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.

Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact information below.




IMPORTANT NOTE for POTENTIAL US CANDIDATES: Bayer expects its employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Bayer active employees are also expected to disclose their vaccination status and if fully vaccinated, provide proof of vaccination status to Occupational Medicine. Bayer defines fully vaccinated in alignment with CDC which is two weeks after completing the two-dose vaccine regimen or two weeks after completing the one-dose regimen. Additionally, Bayer employees are also required to comply with state, local and customer requirements.




Location:
United States : Missouri : Chesterfield || United States : Residence Based : Residence Based

Division:
Crop Science

Reference Code:
780540




Contact Us


Email:
hrop_usa@bayer.com
