As a full spectrum AWS integrator, we assist hundreds of companies to realize the value, efficiency, and productivity of the cloud. We take customers on their journey to enable, operate, and innovate using cloud technologies – from migration strategy to operational excellence and immersive transformation.

If you like a challenge, you’ll love it here, because we’re solving complex business problems every day, building and promoting great technology solutions that impact our customers’ success. The best part is, we’re committed to you and your growth, both professionally and personally.

Overview

As a Big Data Architect, you are passionate about data and technology solutions, are driven to learn about them and keep up with market evolution. You will play an active role in delivering modern data solutions for clients including data ingestion/data pipeline design and implementation, data warehouse & data lake architectures, cognitive computing and cloud services. You are enthusiastic about all things data, have strong problem-solving and analytical skills, are tech savvy and have a solid understanding of software development.

If you get a thrill working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers’ problems, we’d love to hear from you. It’s time to rethink the possible. Are you ready?

About the role:
Data scientist or engineer experienced with leadership experience and familiarity with machine learning, data analytics, big data processing, data lakes & warehouses, and related technologies and architectures.
Expected to lead and manage teams of data scientists and data engineers on various data and machine learning projects.
Required experience developing solutions on a major cloud platform, as well as demonstrated people management experience.
Expected skills to include cloud architecture design and implementation, as well as experience with machine learning tools and libraries. Expected to have demonstrated technical leadership in the development of multiple successful production solutions.
Expected to have demonstrated people management skills with direct reports.
Experience with neural networks, computer vision, language processing, big data processing, or other machine learning sub-domains is desired.
Familiarity with data engineering languages and platforms, such as SQL, Spark or Hadoop, is desired. Familiarity with managed machine learning services on a major cloud platform is also desired.
Candidate will be expected to lead projects to solve a variety of problems by developing cloud-based solutions for customers.
Candidate should be able to work independently, demonstrate technical leadership and people management experience, and have excellent communication skills.
#LI-VM1
#LI-Remote
#LI-USA

About Rackspace Technology
We are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future.
More on Rackspace Technology
Though we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
