Our client is seeking a Data Engineer who would be responsible for design of data warehouse schemas as well as end-to-end design and implementation of fault tolerant and scalable data processing pipelines using a variety of technologies for orchestrating data movement, primarily Snowflake , DBT and Airflow . You'll work with a team of data engineers to design and implement solutions that provide business-critical insights.
Salary : Mid-Level - 130K to160K+ bonuses and equity options
Location: REMOTE WORK 100% is an option: (locations limited to CO, AZ, TX, VA, CA, GA, HI, MN, MI, NJ, NY, NC, OR, PA, WA)
How You’ll Do It
Working collaboratively with a team of other data engineers and developers of varying experience levels and areas of expertise, you'll be responsible for:
Responsibilities
Design and implement data warehouse schemas to store large data sets that can be easily and efficiently queried and joined together for reporting and analytical purposes.
Design and develop ETL/ELT pipelines to efficiently move and aggregate data, while optimizing for maximum code and data reuse.
Collaborate with other team members on improvements to existing systems
Investigate data anomalies and provide quick resolutions.
Provide technical support to business users and analysts.
What We’re Looking For
TOP SKILLS: ETL, Data Warehousing, SQL, Jinga Scripting, Python and Snowflake.
3+ years of working experience with large scale data warehouse systems.
Very strong knowledge of SQL and data manipulation best practices
Experience in building efficient and fault tolerant ELT/ETL data pipelines
Very strong knowledge of working with large scale datasets and data modeling and data warehouse design
Experience with Snowflake is preferable
Knowledge of DBT, Jinja scripting and Airflow is a big plus
Nice to Have
Experience working cross functionally with product and engineering teams
Desire to wear many hats and work your tail off for a bit - great earning potential and equity available.
Benefits: A diverse benefit package, sign on bonus, options, etc. is offered through our client.
About ITEOM: ITEOM Digital Technology Talent Partners collaborates with top technologists and top employers to align purpose and passion and re-incorporate belonging to make the job search and work experience more human. We are an equal opportunity employer; however, this role is not eligible for sponsorship at this time. Employees eligible for full time W2 employment are encouraged to apply.
