Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Job Category
Technology
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$108,200.00 - $178,500.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Travelers is seeking a Director, Team Lead / Product Owner to join our organization to lead a team to deliver capabilities/solutions in an agile way. In this position you will act as a voice of the end-user to guide day-to-day work of a cross-functional team, focusing on achievement of defined outcomes versus defining how the work is completed.
What Will You Do?
Define, prioritize and ensure a ready backlog of work for a cross-functional product team, accept final product output, focusing on achievement of defined outcomes versus defining how the work is completed.
Effectively manage a backlog of deliverables and capabilities as well as 'test and learn'/experimentation targeted at defining/refining future deliverables, measuring performance and adjusting the overall roadmap of deliverables as needed.
Translate business strategies and needs into execution ready work for an Agile product team; define team goals and strategy, ensuring alignment with circle and value stream vision; Articulate team goals and strategy effectively to key stakeholders, Circle Leads, and team members.
Act as voice of the end-user; have a deep understanding of and anticipate and proactively seek customer feedback ensuring needs and requirements are clearly defined; ensure team work product meets defined acceptance criteria.
Own team backlog, including prioritization and refinement; Make trade-off decisions to maximize value.
Optimize the flow of value by setting objectives and key performance indicators (KPIs) for solutions.
Inform and participate in business readiness; understand the impact of change, translate the approach to manage adoption and mitigate resistance.
Provide feedback on work-in-progress, clarify requirements and contribute to removing roadblocks or impediments; Look for opportunities for continuous team and process improvement.
Partner with key leaders and peers across to determine resources required to achieve defined business outcomes.
Share best practices across teams to ensure alignment and consistency in ways of working within a value stream.
Foster an innovative, inclusive and diverse team environment, promoting positive team culture, encouraging collaboration and self-organization.
May manage Team Leads.
Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Bachelor’s degree preferred.
Two years of experience in Agile product management preferred.
Two years of work experience Analysis, Development or Delivery Experience with Cloud, Big Data, Analytics, Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, or Databases solutions considered a plus
Three years of experience articulating and translating business strategy, product vision, and analysis for a product preferred.
Agile Mindset: Embody Agile core values of openness, courage, respect, focus, and commitment. Infuse Agile principles, practices and methodologies to achieve team success.
Product Mindset: Focus on defining a product value proposition that aligns with and supports the circle/value stream objectives and which is the north star for the team
Influence: Ability to influence behaviors of leaders at all levels and without traditional hierarchy.
Servant Leadership: Foster an environment where individuals thrive as empowered and equal members of a team.
Communication: Ability to communicate thoughts, concepts, practices effectively at all levels, adjusting as needed to a target audience.
Collaboration: Expertise working with others in a cross-functional multi-team environment.
Continuous Improvement: Demonstrate a commitment to continually improve, share learning with others and encourage team development.
What is a Must Have?
Three years of work experience in related field required
Three years of experience motivating/influencing teams required.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an
email
so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit
http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/
.
