TPG Capital recently completed the purchase of Change Healthcare’s Clinical Claims Management (CCM) business, which includes the ClaimsXten®, ClaimsXten® Select, ClaimCheck, Secondary Editing, and Episode Manager solutions. The transaction establishes the CCM business as an independent company, with an interim name of ClaimsXten Portfolio. ClaimsXten Portfolio has a long history as a trusted partner and market leader in primary claim editing, delivering value through savings, operational efficiencies, and long-standing partner relationships.
TPG Capital is a leading private equity platform of alternative asset management firm TPG and an active, experienced healthcare and software investor. TPG has a long history of partnering with companies, including the ClaimsXten Portfolio Business–a trusted partner and market leader in primary claim editing, delivering value through savings, operational efficiencies, and long-standing partner relationships. ClaimsXten’s primary solutions are ClaimsXten®, ClaimsXten® Select, ClaimCheck, Secondary Editing, and Episode Manager.
Overview ClaimsXten:
TPG Capital recently completed the purchase of Change Healthcare’s Clinical Claims Management (CCM) business, which includes the ClaimsXten®, ClaimsXten® Select, ClaimCheck, Secondary Editing, and Episode Manager solutions. The transaction establishes the CCM business as an independent company, with an interim name of ClaimsXten Portfolio. ClaimsXten Portfolio has a long history as a trusted partner and market leader in primary claim editing, delivering value through savings, operational efficiencies, and long-standing partner relationships.
TPG Capital is a leading private equity platform of alternative asset management firm TPG and an active, experienced healthcare and software investor. TPG has a long history of partnering with companies, including the ClaimsXten Portfolio Business–a trusted partner and market leader in primary claim editing, delivering value through savings, operational efficiencies, and long-standing partner relationships. ClaimsXten’s primary solutions are ClaimsXten®, ClaimsXten® Select, ClaimCheck, Secondary Editing, and Episode Manager.
Summary:
The ClaimsXten Portfolio Data Mining Director will manage the day to day activities of the team tasked with identifying and validating new automated editing concepts and regularly interact with executive leadership and strategic business partners. The position will provide guidance for ideation, technical development and launch of innovative products. This includes defining and actively managing a portfolio of products and solutions that align with organizational strategies, enhance our brand and competitive position in the marketplace, and delight our customers.
The Data Mining Director will be Accountable for leading and executing Process Excellence initiatives. This role will evaluate product workflows and make recommendations for the development of processes and products including concept development and solutions within the Pre-Pay space.
Position Profile:
The ClaimsXten Portfolio suite of solutions utilizes industry sources, contract information, pricing data, and policy applications to provide medical and administrative savings to our customers. The Data Mining Director has an adeptness in identifying outlier behavior, errors and exceptions that result in valid claim errors. The ability to analyze data, identify inconsistencies and formulate workable solutions are critical skills. The Data Mining Director must have a master level background in claims reimbursement, working knowledge of claims data fields and multiple client system experience including FACETS, NASCO and QNXT. The candidate must have a proven ability to coordinate across a matrixed environment. The candidate must have a strong historical perspective on both the evolution and future direction of Pre-Payment solutions related to automated editing solutions and the healthcare industry. The ideal candidate will be a thought leader, an innovator, self-motivated and a driver.
The Data Mining Director must leverage their keen business insight and strategic mindset to build customer-centric solutions that drive results. They plan and prioritize work to ensure that commitments are honored as they build internal and external partnerships working collaboratively to meet shared objectives.
The Data Mining Director must actively develop concepts through agile experimentation, design thinking, and market sensing will design user/consumer centric solutions with a results/outcomes orientation. Collaborating and seizing new problems and learn from both success and failure as they boldly invent and enhance new solutions to ensure ClaimsXten Portfolio remains an industry leader.
Key Responsibilities:
Product & Solution Development: Works collaboratively to manage ‘end to end’, the definition, development and/or delivery of a new editing concepts to ensure alignment with customer requirements ascertained through personal insight gained from focused customer engagement, empathy interviews and observations.
New Concept Innovation: Develops automated editing concepts that identify customers cost savings opportunities as well as introduces innovative approaches, including focus on opportunities for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation.
Product Vision/Brand: Provides input to an enterprise strategy and a shared product, solution, or service vision leading to product execution, and ensuring that the product, solution, or service is aligned with ClaimsXten Portfolio’s brand, strategic and competitive position, and other related/interfaced product, solution, or service.
Product Roadmap: Delivers and analyzes metrics that inform the success of products, including the feature sets, business requirements, and measures of success of an overall savings roadmap, aligned with business strategy, and customer needs and informed by competitive intelligence, aligns with the market (buyers, end consumers, delivery partners) to deliver a product, solution, or service strategy that is market driven.
Client & Customer Management Internal/External: Supports key client and customer relationships to ensure their ongoing satisfaction and loyalty toward the organization which requires simultaneously managing relationships with multiple key internal customers by illustrating diverse and extensive data mining expertise.
Comprehensive Data Collection, Research & Analysis: Delivers authoritative technical and/or professional recommendations that have a significant short-term and long-term impact on the business. Defines requirements based on intimate knowledge of the customer and technology, and with a keen eye on the competitive landscape, continuously scanning, learning and implementing insights into solution execution.
Project Management: Leads, manages, and delivers required outcomes for a portfolio of major projects in order to support the overall strategy. Uses expertise to act as the organization’s authority on managing projects and/or programs within desired cost, time and quality parameters.
Regulatory and Legal Compliance: Understands the applicable regulatory and legal requirements for product, solution, and service offerings; uses privacy, cybersecurity and other compliance by design concepts to insure product, solution or service offerings are compliant on launch and throughout end to end life cycle; leads and manages efforts to audit/attest to such compliance.
Verbal & Written Communication: acts with expertise as the organization’s authority on using clear and effective verbal and written communications skills to express ideas, request action and formulate plans or policies.
Core capabilities:
Manages Complexity: makes sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.
Advances Innovation: creates new and better ways for the organization to be successful.
Business Insight: applies knowledge of business and the marketplace to advance the organization’s goals.
Financial Acumen: interprets and applies understanding of key financial indicators to make better business decisions.
Strategic Mindset: sees ahead to future possibilities and translates them into breakthrough strategies, implementing innovative solutions.
Organizational Savvy: maneuvers comfortably through complex policy, process, and people-related organizational dynamics to drive results.
Plans and Aligns: plans and prioritizes work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals with attention to detail.
Decision Quality: makes good and timely decisions that keep the organization moving forward.
Collaborates: builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.
Communicates Effectively: develops and delivers multi-modal communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.
Customer Focus: builds a robust understanding of external customer needs (user focused, jobs to be done) and strong customer relationships to deliver customer-centric solutions.
Culture: develop culture that supports growth of business and people; accountable for managing OKR process, talent development, encourages employee engagement.
Technical Capabilities:
Commercial Acumen: acts as the organization’s authority and established expert to develop datamining solutions based on an understanding of the business environment, competitive landscape, and objectives. This includes building and developing a pre-pay solutions Concept Library.
Technology Skills: acts as the organization’s authority and established expert on understanding and using technology (including software and related tools) to support innovation.
Planning & Organizing: uses expertise to act as organization’s authority on planning, organizing, prioritizing and overseeing activities to efficiently meet business objectives, including meeting financial objectives, budgets, and forecasts.
Data Collection and Analysis: acts as the organization’s authority and established expert on analyzing data trends for use in reports to help guide decision making.
Project Management: uses expertise to act as the organization’s authority on managing projects and/or programs within desired cost, time and quality parameters.
Customer and Market Analysis: works collaboratively with Internal Partners to share and apply joint expertise to serve as the organization’s authority on conducting research and analyzing data in order to develop a comprehensive understanding of customer and market conditions that enables maximum return on investments.
Experience:
5-9 Years broad and deep Operational/People Leadership experience
5-9+ years broad data mining and claim reimbursement concepts and strategy, including pre- and post-payment Strong knowledge of CMS guidelines
Superior level background in claims reimbursement, strong knowledge of claims data fields and multiple client system experience including FACETS, NASCO and QNXT
Experience in claim payment adjudication, medical payment policy, and/or utilization management; experience in CPT-4, ICD-10-CM and HCPCS coding.
5+ Years of Master level experience in developing a Data Mining program execution including Duplicates, Billing Errors, Pricing errors, Provider Contract Interpretations, High Cost Injectables, Claim Reimbursement system errors, Charge Master and Fee Schedules.
Knowledge of National and Blue Cross Plan Data Mining Programs
Prior experience supervising and directing people and other resources to achieve specific end results
Prefer 5+ Years of Managerial experience
Program Start-up Experience
Education / Training:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
Physical Requirements:
Environment – Office environment, 20% to 30% travel required. Employees in roles that require travel will need to be able to qualify for a company credit card or be able to use their own personal credit card for travel expenses and submit for reimbursement.
Physical Requirements – Sitting, standing, walking, and using keyboard.
Diversity and Inclusion:
At ClaimsXten Portfolio, we include all. We celebrate diversity and inclusivity, respect each other and value our unique experiences. By being our authentic selves, we bring different perspectives into our work and relationships.
New York and New Jersey Residents Only: The salary range for New York City, NY and Westchester County, NY is $157,435 - $328,680. The salary range for Ithaca, NY is $136,900– $273,900. The salary range for Jersey City, NJ is $164,280 – $328,680. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, Change Healthcare offers benefits such as a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with Change Healthcare, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion:
At Change Healthcare, we include all. We celebrate diversity and inclusivity, respect each other and value our unique experiences. By being our authentic selves, we bring different perspectives into our work and relationships.
Business Resource Groups (BRGs) play a central role in advancing diversity and inclusion at Change Healthcare. They deepen our understanding of different cultures, people, and experiences, and help foster an inclusive workplace. Change offers eight (8) BRGs. Learn more at https://careers.changehealthcare.com/diversity

Feeling Inspired? Ready to #MakeAChange? Apply today!
COVID Vaccination Requirements
We remain committed to doing our part to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our team members and our communities. As such, some individuals may be required to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to or during employment. Certain roles may require COVID-19 vaccination and/or testing as a condition of employment. Change Healthcare adheres to COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance.
ClaimsXten General Disclaimer
Change Healthcare is not affiliated with TPG Capital, TPG or the ClaimsXten Portfolio Business. Change Healthcare is providing talent sourcing and other people management administrative tools for the ClaimsXten Portfolio Business for a brief period of time. However, Change Healthcare has no role in the interviewing, selection, employment, or management of ClaimsXten applicants or employees. Though applicants may see the Change Healthcare logo and/or email addresses during the application process (and, if employed, during employment), Change Healthcare serves only an administrative role and is not the employer seeking to fill this role. ClaimsXten Portfolio Business makes all employment decisions concerning applicants.
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement
Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.
California (US) Residents: By submitting an application to Change Healthcare for consideration of any employment opportunity, you acknowledge that you have read and understood Change Healthcare’s Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information.
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.
