Senior SQL Database Administrator (Hybrid)
Cleveland, Ohio
Together we can make a difference
At Getinge we are dedicated and passionate about helping our customers save lives and ensure excellent care. A career at Getinge provides career opportunities that both inspire and challenge. Here, you can make a difference every day.
Company Profile:
Talis Clinical, LLC (a Getinge, AB Company) provides health technology supporting clinicians to impact patient safety and improve outcomes. The team at Talis Clinical is committed to developing technologies that provide enhanced safety and mitigation of adverse clinical events, while providing an intuitive, productive user experience.
We are a fast-paced organization with a culture orientated toward higher purpose outcomes and principles. This will be the most meaningful work you can do.
Status: Full-Time, On-site-Hybrid
Responsibilities:
Installation, configuration, maintenance of MS SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems
Set up and maintain SQL database servers and High Availability groups
Manage backup, restore and recovery processes
Monitor database health and performance to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security
Determine, enforce, and document database policies, procedures, and standards
Refine and automate regular database processes
Analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time
Perform scheduled maintenance and support activities after hours
Create/manage execution of database roadmap
Other duties as assigned
Preferred Experience:
5+ years of experience as a MS SQL Server Database Administrator
Experience working with SQL Server High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR)
Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native or third-party monitoring and troubleshooting tools
Experience with backups, restores and recovery models
Advanced knowledge of database security
Experience working with Windows server, including Active Directory
Writing Transact-SQL Stored Procedures
Understanding of TCP/IP and networking principles
Experience working with Cloud technologies like Microsoft Azure
Experience with MS Team Foundation Server is a plus
Experience with Microsoft Service Broker technology is a plus
Required Skills:
Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems.
Complex Problem Solving — Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.
Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.
Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times.
Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Organized, detail oriented
Able to communicate technical scenarios at both a high-level and detailed level as required by audience
Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Technology
Excellent Opportunity to join an industry leader! Excellent Benefits!... Dental, Health, Vision, Life and 401(k) and more!
Interested candidates please send your resume.
Getinge is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, genetic information, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
INDAS
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location
