JOB DESCRIPTION
Job Title: Business Analyst Department: ITM
Reports To: Manager, PMO Date Revised: 2022-09-08
FLSA Status: Exempt Location: Johnson City, TN

Summary
As part of our team, you will play a pivotal role in the system development cycle and consult with end users to evaluate business requirements into design specifications. You will work with all levels of the business, ensuring IT deliverables align with business requirements, with measurable results. There's never been a more exciting time to work in the pharmaceutical industry where performance and innovation can fuel your life's best work. The successful applicant will serve as the liaison between end users and IT department.

Responsibilities
Gather information from end users and management about needs and future growth
Evaluate business requirements and prepare the detailed functional to follow project guidelines
Work closely with developers and quality assurance to ensure requirements and design are completely understood
Communicate design to all stakeholders and varying levels of the organization
Act as the liaison between business, developers and project management groups
Present and evaluate design solutions objectively and facilitate conflict resolution
Work closely with business teams to strategize solutions that support long term business objectives
Ensure IT deliverables align with business requirements with measurable results
Collaborate with QA team to ensure testing efforts align with system deliveries and business processes
Collects information to analyze and evaluate existing or proposed systems.
Prepares detailed flow charts and diagrams outlining systems capabilities and processes.
Writes and maintains system documentation.
Maintains confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed by the network.
Performs other related duties and tasks as necessary or as assigned.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
5+ years of experience in Systems Analysis or IT Development
5+ years of experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
5+ years of experience translating business requirements into a detailed functional specification
5+ years of experience mapping data from web services or database to user interface
Proficiency with MS Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Experience working in an Agile environment or familiarity with Agile methodology.

Preferred Qualifications:
Clinical trials experience.
Experience working with test plans and test cases.
Some supervisory responsibilities
Experience with JIRA

Work Environment
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Physical Demands
The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms.

This job description should not be construed to imply that these requirements are the exclusive standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions and perform other related duties as may be required by their supervisor. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
