Business Analyst
Who we are looking for:
Why this role is important to us:
The team you will be joining is a part of Charles River Development (or CRD), that became a part of State Street in 2018. CRD helps create enterprise investment management software solutions for large institutions in the areas of institutional investment, wealth management and hedge funds. Together we have created the first open front-to-back platform - State Street Alpha - that was launched in 2019.
Join us if delivering next generation infrastructure, using emerging technologies like AI and Blockchain, sounds like a challenge you are up for.
N/A
About State Street
What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Discover more at www.StateStreet.com/careers
