Hi, we're Oscar. We're hiring a Data Scientist I, Risk Analytics to join our team.
Oscar is the first health insurance company built around a full stack technology platform and a relentless focus on serving our members. We started Oscar in 2012 to create the kind of health insurance company we would want for ourselves—one that behaves like a doctor in the family.
About the role
Create strong partnerships with internal teams at Oscar to build out and leverage key data science insights that directly impact our members
Discover, understand, and organize disparate data sources and structure them into clean data models that unlock self-service analytics for internal teams
Work with stakeholders to evaluate existing programs and drive improvements through data-driven methods, as well as support the development of data-driven hypotheses
Use statistics to explain and predict key aspects of our business
You will report into an Associate Director of Data Science. This is a hybrid role. You will work part of the time in the New York City office and part of the time work-from-home/remote. #LI-Hybrid
The base pay for this role is: $115,360-$144,200 per year. You are also eligible for employee benefits, company equity grants and annual performance bonuses.
Requirements
You have a Bachelor's degree and 2+ years of relevant work experience OR a Master's degree in a quantitative field
You use data science tools like SQL and Python
You're excited about being (or becoming) a decision-maker, not just an analyst
You know when to look outside the data to solve problems
Bonus Points
Knowledge of or previous work experience in health care, health economics, or health insurance
This is an authentic Oscar Health job opportunity. Learn more about how you can safeguard yourself from recruitment fraud here.
At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we cultivate an environment where people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change health care - an experience made whole by our unique backgrounds and perspectives..
Pay Transparency:
Final offer amounts, within the base pay set forth above, are determined by factors including your relevant skills, education, and experience.
Full-time employees are eligible for benefits including: medical, dental, and vision benefits, paid holidays, paid vacation and sick time, paid parental leave, 401(k) plan participation, life and disability insurance, and paid wellness time and reimbursements.
Reasonable Accommodation:
Oscar applicants are considered solely based on their qualifications, without regard to applicant's disability or need for accommodation. Any Oscar applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the application process should contact the Oscar Benefits Team (accommodations@hioscar.com) to make the need for an accommodation known.
To protect the health and safety of our employees, we require any employee conducting in-person work* to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date. If you are unable to be vaccinated due to medical or protected religious reasons, please reach out to our Benefits team at accommodations@hioscar.com to submit an accommodations request.
Note: In-person work includes: employees required to work from our offices, employees conducting sales work in the field and employees conducting at-home or in-person visits with members.
