Trellis is Modernizing Insurance
Trellis is a venture-backed, high-growth, tech-enabled insurtech company bringing modern insurance experiences to top brands like Truebill (Rocket Mortgage), Albert, Chime, and MoneyLion.
Trellis operates 100% remote using best-in-class collaboration technologies like Zoom and Slack.
Our embedded insurance API's and technology bring the market's leading insurance products (e.g. Progressive, Allstate, Liberty Mutual, and hundreds of others) into the apps and ecosystems where customers already manage their finances.
Our proprietary software allows consumers to digitally share their existing insurance information in order to instantly review a side-by-side comparison of prospective quotes against their existing rate and coverage.
Our team of dedicated, nationally-licensed agents provide sales and service over phone, email, and SMS – enabling a truly omnichannel experience that closes the gap between online and offline.
Trellis is led by third-time a fintech entrepreneur, Daniel Demetri, who has previously founded multiple fintech and insurtech startups that now operate as publicly-traded companies.
Trellis has backing from multiple top venture capital investors, such as General Catalyst, QED Investors, and NYCA Partners.
Trellis is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable companies in the field of insurtech.
If you have car insurance, you can try out a demo of Trellis at https://savvy.insure
Our Values
Extreme Ownership – We fulfill our promises to each other and to our customers. We own our responsibilities 110%.
Speed – We work quickly and pragmatically.
Collaboration – We work transparently, solicit feedback, and leave our egos at the door.
Craft – We do a great job for the sake of it. We're constantly learning and working at bettering ourselves and the way that we work.
Positivity – We focus on the potential in the world and in each other. We rise to challenges rather than complain about them. We see a cup half full instead of half empty.
About the role:
As an Affiliate Business Analyst at Trellis, you'll help us build valuable relationships with our affiliates. You'll work directly with our affiliates to understand their needs and will use our troves of data to ensure we meet them. You'll dig into our user behavior to derive insights that help us grow our partner relationships. Your support will enable us to deploy our solution in a way that maximizes end user value by optimizing our existing affiliate relationships.
Tasks will include:
Mining our data for insights that inform critical decisions and help us improve our products
Defining KPIs, building dashboards and other tools that help us monitor them, and educating our organization on them
Partner with business stakeholders to enable strategic decision making
Interfacing directly with affiliates to ensure our partnerships are successful
You should have:
Strong data analysis skills: Excel / Google Sheets wizard
Working SQL knowledge
Clear and concise written and verbal communication
2-3 + years of experience in analysis-heavy role(s)
Experience with Looker/LookML or other data visualization tools
Fintech / insurtech / insurance industry experience is a plus
#LI-remote
Trellis is a fantastic place to work
Our #1 perk will always be our talented, passionate team that we call friends, mentors, and colleagues
Best-in-class technology and culture dedicated to unlocking your life's best work
75th-percentile (competitive!) compensation
100% remote work environment
Clear, flat, transparent culture; get in at the ground floor and be a true business partner
Quarterly, fun team bonding events
Budget for home office equipment
Annual in-person company event
Trellis additionally offers competitive benefits:
A very generous time off policy with unlimited sick and personal days.
100% company-paid Platinum health plans for employees. Generous subsidy for dependents.
401(k) retirement savings plan.
Stock options with tremendous upside potential.
Job Type: Full-time
