Data Scientist / AI Engineer
Description:
You will play a critical role in the growing and implementing Data Science solutions for our client. You will be responsible for developing data and machine learning pipelines that handle data across domains including marketing, supply chain, forecasting, digital transformation, and supplier science. You will work closely with the team and clients to process owners and business stakeholders to deliver impactful data science solutions at significant scale. You will have the opportunity to do your best work every day and deliver disruptive innovation by tapping into new datasets, leveraging the latest cloud technologies, and being supported by a robust analytics and IT organization.
Tasks include
Develop and automate ETL processes
Build and deploy classification models in production
Develop and automate information retrieval and data cleaning processes
Develop backend solutions using Python
Minimum Experience:
Master’s degree in an analytical field such as Business Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Operations Research. 5 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
Preferred Experience:
Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP) for information retrieval and classification
Experience creating and deploying machine learning models in production
Experience with SpaCy, MongoDB and Oracle
Experience using Docker, Flask, and git
Experience with the AWS
Experience with Model Risk Management and Responsible AI
Experience working in the strategic sourcing initiatives
Please note that- Since this job position is for a federal project, a candidate must be a Citizen of U.S. to obtain clearance.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Application Question(s):
How many years of experience do you have as a Data Scientist ?
Are you a Citizen of U.S. ?
Your highest education degree?
Do you have any active security clearance ?
Work Location: One location
