General Overview
Business System Analyst individual to provide cloud technical support, documentation, and agile work refinement within the Cloud Security area.
In the role, the individual will:
Work with the Product Owner and Agile Team to ensure the goals and objectives of the initiative are captured within the Epics, Features and Stories.
Facilitate the backlog refinement ceremonies and are accountable to ensure the feature and story details meet quality and integrity standards.
Work with the Scrum Master, Product Owner, and Agile Team to create the user stories, features, and Epics
Work with Product Owner to ensure the team maintains a healthy backlog: 2-3 sprints of stories, 2-3 months of Epics and Features
Participate in the identification, quantification, and mitigation of workstream risks and issues.
Work with the Agile Team to provide ongoing status on progress, defects, and risks throughout UAT.
Job Expectation include:
Demonstrated experience moving from a waterfall environment to an Agile environment
Knowledge of migrations from on-prem to the cloud – AWS, GCP and Azure
Ability to elicit business requirements from product owners and subject matter experts within a technology environment.
Writes clear and well-structured business requirements/documents.
Can provide technical expertise, research, and analysis in support of the integration of tools, systems, and processes specific to Cloud Security
Understands how to break-down work and ensure the break-down of stated work appears in ADO/LeanKit
Demonstrates experience working with a scrum master in all aspects of an Agile working environment
Establishes a technical vision and can analyze, and clearly communicate trade-offs
Can perform technical troubleshooting, issue triage, issue reporting with the team while explaining the impact while working with team(s) to achieve the best solution to the problem.
Must have requirements
A bachelor’s degree or equivalent work and or military experience
A minimum of 7+ years of experience in business analysis or a related field working in an Agile environment.
A history of leading and supporting successful projects experience working with one or more Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills, including technical writing.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
cloud: 1 year (Preferred)
Cloud security: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
