Sanametrix, Inc. is a fast-growing small business headquartered in Arlington, VA. We are dedicated to providing federal agencies with legendary customer service and focused solutions for their business and technology needs.
Qualified candidates are self-motivated and have 2-6 years demonstrable experience in a responsible role building out requirements for data pipelines and servicing. The candidate will have foundational knowledge in data discovery, modeling, and linking. Experience supporting and using SQL database management is a plus. The ideal candidate produces results, takes initiative, has strong problem-solving skills, and can work effectively as a team member. The candidate must be comfortable interfacing with clients and have the ability to convey technical terminology to nontechnical audiences.
Job Responsibilities:
Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications.
Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation, and analysis efforts.
Leverage industry best practices to support the design, test, and implementation of a solution.
Assure quality security and compliance requirements are met for supported area.
Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner.
Qualifications:
2-6 years’ experience required.
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust
Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale Data Repository projects from end-to-end
Good communication skills and great attitude to work in a team environment to solve complex problems
Experience performing Data Requirements Gathering activities
Experience performing Data Querying activities
Experience performing Data Analysis activities
Experience performing Data Governance activities
Experience performing Data Discovery activities
Experience performing Data Manipulation activities
Ability to work with minimal supervision and be accountable for assigned tasks
Experience working in dynamic environment and interacting with clients
Strong working experience with core Java APIs * Experience working in an Agile Environment
Preferred Skills:
Experience using Jira or a similar ticket tracking software
Experience using the following services/tool (S3, Lambda, Redshift, Glue ETL, DMS, Glue Catalog/Crawlers)
Experience with cloud computing, Amazon Web Services
Experience with Agile Development methodologies
Experience using SQL and/or Python
AWS Certification a plus
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
