The Emerging Technology and Innovation team at Citi Global Wealth Management Technology delivers digital products and services to our clients and internal business users. We design and build highly-scalable and innovative solutions that provide a superior user experience and solutions with Citi Global Wealth Management. These solutions transform client experiences while generating new revenue streams and business models. Our strategic initiatives disrupt the status-quo by innovating new businesses that unlock the power of Citi for our clients.
Our team of engineers, designers, and product managers collaborate to drive progress within digital finance. We surround ourselves with big thinkers who thrive on tackling fresh challenges and uniting around a common vision. We move fast, embrace change and welcome fresh perspectives. Help us build the future of finance while positioned at the center of global banking.
Responsibilities
Participate in innovative research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications.
Work with financial documents to process, parse and extract the critical data elements by leveraging Natural Language Processing and Natural Language Understanding techniques.
Work with large, complex data sets. Solve non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale.
Interact cross-functionally and make recommendations using data
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative discipline - Statistics, Operations Research, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering
6+ years of work experience in data analysis related field, Natural Language Processing and Computer Vision
Experience with programming language - Python, statistical software tools - MATLAB, R, and database languages such as SQL
Applied experience with Natural Language Processing – Named Entity Recognition, text understanding, pattern recognition, Supervised Machine Learning models- regression and classification and Unsupervised Machine Learning models
Experience applying data science pipeline techniques including feature engineering and feature selection for machine learning models
Experience articulating and translating business questions and applying Machine Learning to arrive at an answer using available data.
Demonstrated self-direction. Willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.
-
Job Family Group:
Technology
-
Job Family:
Data Science
-
Time Type:
Full time
-
Primary Location:
New York New York United States
-
Primary Location Salary Range:
$137,610.00 - $206,420.00
-
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.
View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.
View the EEO Policy Statement.
View the Pay Transparency Posting
-
Effective November 1, 2021, Citi requires that all successful applicants for positions located in the United States or Puerto Rico be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment and provide proof of such vaccination prior to commencement of employment.
