Job Summary

Designs, develops, and implements methods, processes and systems to consolidate and analyze diverse data sets including structured and unstructured. Manages the daily operational activities that develop and implement tactical plans for specified area. Oversees team(s) assigned to projects and may manage implementations. Ensures resources are accurately allocated in line with tactical plans and appropriately accounted for.

Job Responsibilities
Manages the daily operational activities that develop and implement tactical plans for specified area. Oversees team(s) assigned to projects and may manage implementations. Ensures resources are accurately allocated in line with tactical plans and appropriately accounted for.
Designs, develops, and implements methods, processes and systems to consolidate and analyze diverse data sets including structured and unstructured. Performs as subject matter advisor and may serve as point of escalation and become actively involved, as required, to meet schedules and resolve problems highly complex in nature.
Manages issues proactively, including timely resolution and the identification of remediation opportunities.
Develops software programs, algorithms, dashboards, information tools, and queries to clean, model, integrate and evaluate datasets.
Keeps abreast of new analytic methodologies and technologies.
Collaborates with functional business units to drive business solutions and direction.
Establishes credibility with partners while managing expectations. Ensures frequent, continuous and effective communications with team members, and with stakeholders to set expectations and negotiate priorities appropriately, via both formal and informal channels / mechanisms.
May develop budget for functional area. Manages budget to plan. May be accountable for area budget and delivering against business goals/objectives.
Stays abreast of industry leading best practices and brings them to the attention of the leadership team for innovative application. May develop partnerships (and relationships) with internal and external stakeholders to meet business needs.
Allocates available resources to meet operating objectives. Develops and mentors staff through on-boarding, open communication, training and development opportunities and performance management processes; builds and maintains employee morale and motivation; ensures the team is appropriately staffed with required competencies; fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace.

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of experience in quantitative or computational functions; or graduate degree in a quantitative, computational or technical discipline and at least 2 years of experience in quantitative or computational functions.
Experience with analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, Excel, Hadoop, SAS, SPSS and/or others to perform analysis and interpret data
Deep knowledge of SQL
Deep knowledge of open source data science and statistics packages such as Python, R, Spark, etc.
Experience establishing and maintaining key relationships with internal (peers, business partners and leadership) and external (business community, clients and vendors) within a matrix organization to develop strategies that meet department goals within budget and timelines.
At least 2 years of experience contributing to financial decisions in the workplace.
At least 2 years of direct leadership, indirect leadership and/or cross-functional team leadership.
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).

Preferred Qualifications
Graduate degree in a quantitative, computational or technical discipline
Experience interacting at the executive level
Experience leading cross-functional teams.

An employee in this position can expect a salary/hourly rate between $91,950.00 and $235,440.00 plus bonus pursuant to the terms of any bonus plan if applicable. The actual salary will depend on experience, seniority, geographic locations, and other factors permitted by law. To review benefits, please click here jobs.walgreens.com/benefits.
