Company Description

It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available and universally accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.

Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.

Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.

Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.

Job Description

The Financial Crimes Technology Data team at Cash App finds and reports financial crimes activity on Cash App. We work globally with partners in Compliance, business, engineering, and product to guarantee we are providing a safe user experience for our customers while minimizing or eliminating bad activity on our platform.
We are leveraging Data Science as an integral part of our toolkit to fulfill our mission. As Cash App scales, we are monitoring billions of dollars in transactions across traditional payment and blockchain networks. We uncover and put an end to money laundering, suspicious, and illegal activities before they impact our users. We are looking for a Staff Data Scientist to join our fast growing team with the goal of identifying impactful problems worth solving, tracking and communicating the team progress to leadership and providing deep dive analytical support to our partners and stakeholders as necessary.
This is an IC role, but the Staff level has additional leadership responsibilities that include envisioning, owning, and driving strategic roadmaps & priorities to completion by collaborating with cross functional stakeholders as well as mentoring & growing junior team members.
You will:
Define, build and track metrics that demonstrate health of the Compliance program
Track the impact of the data team in optimizing Compliance operations
Effectively communicate our work with team leads, cross-functional stakeholders and business leaders on a regular basis
Defining the Risk Based Framework followed by quantifying and tracking our platform risk over time
Modeling the cost to Compliance for new and significant Product Launches to aid in timely operational capacity planning
Implement and automate case volume forecasting to aid the annual and quarterly Operations capacity planning exercise
Own & deliver ad hoc analyses and deep dive investigations for poorly defined, but important business problems that aid in effective decision making
Build deep connections and trust with Compliance Operations, Compliance Analytics and Product teams, particularly the Health Abstraction.

Qualifications

You Have:
6+ years of advanced Analytics/Data Science experience in the technology industry
An MS degree in computer science, data science, operations research, business analytics, stats or a related technical field
Advanced proficiency with SQL and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker, etc) as well as experience with common Python DS stack (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, plotnine etc.)
Extremely strong written and verbal communication & presentation skills and an ability to build strong relationships and influence with business & product partners
Mentored and grown Junior Data Analysts and Data Scientists on the team
Have a curious, passionate, growth-oriented mindset

Additional Information

Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.

Zone A: USD $184,100 - USD $225,000
Zone B: USD $174,900 - USD $213,700
Zone C: USD $165,700 - USD $202,500
Zone D: USD $156,400 - USD $191,200
To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information.
Benefits include the following:
Healthcare coverage
Retirement Plans including company match
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Wellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance
Paid parental and caregiving leave
Paid time off
Learning and Development resources
Paid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits
Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources
This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.
