
Job Description
The University of Virginia School of Law seeks highly qualified applicants for an Empirical Research Librarian. This is a Senior Professional Research Staff position with the classification of Research Scientist.
Reporting to the Head of the Legal Data Lab, the Empirical Research Librarian is a core position for the law library’s ongoing efforts to support empirical legal scholarship at the University of Virginia School of Law. As a vital member of one of the few such labs in the country, the Empirical Research Librarian will have a direct impact on strategy and planning for the Lab as well as continuing support for faculty research. The University’s newly created School of Data Science makes this a particularly interesting time in legal scholarship at the University and we anticipate many exciting opportunities.
The Empirical Research Librarian will assist library patrons with complex research initiatives involving advanced statistical techniques, natural language processing, and machine learning. The Empirical Research Librarian will also provide consulting and assistance with statistical software programs, study design, data collection, and various forms of analysis. Some reference service, analysis of library operations data, and occasional lecturing will be required. Participation in the statistical and data science communities of the University of Virginia will be expected.
Requirements include: Significant course work in statistical methods; considerable experience in the application of quantitative methods to social science, business, and/or legal data; considerable experience with natural language processing and machine learning techniques; proficiency with a range of statistical software packages, particularly Stata and R; and the ability to work and communicate effectively orally and in writing with the University of Virginia legal community. Experience with Python and a demonstrated ability to visually represent data for academic publication are pluses.
Candidates must have at a minimum a M.S. in a relevant discipline (e.g., Economics, Political Science, Statistics). A Ph.D. is preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.
The selected applicant will be required to successfully pass a background check prior to their first date of employment.
TO APPLY
PROCESS FOR INTERNAL UVA APPLICANTS: Please apply through your Workday Home page, search “Find Jobs”, and search for ‘Empirical Research Librarian ’. Complete an application online and attach a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, and address).
PROCESS FOR EXTERNAL UVA APPLICANTS: Please visit UVA job board https://uva.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/UVAJobs, complete the application and attach a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, address). Please note that multiple documents can be uploaded in the box
Applications that do not contain all of the required documents will not receive full consideration.
For questions about the application process please contact Rhiannon O’Coin, Senior Recruiter, [email protected]
The University of Virginia, including the UVA Health System and the University Physician’s Group are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person’s perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information.
How to Apply
Visit https://uva.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/UVAJobs/job/Charlottesville-VA/Empirical-Research-Librarian_R0009265 to apply.


 Job Categories: Researcher/Academic. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




