Excited to grow your career?
MUSC offers many career opportunities and options for professional growth. If you see a position that fits your experience and skills, we encourage you to apply!
Join the team that is Changing What's Possible.
Entity
Medical University Hospital Authority (MUHA)
Worker Type
Employee
Worker Sub-Type
Regular
Department
CC002262 MUHA | SYS - CDO Operations
Pay Rate Type
Salary
Pay Grade
Health-31
Scheduled Weekly Hours
40
Work Shift
Job Description Summary
This role will have a specific Epic Platform Focus as a Business Intelligence Developer. - The Epic- BID is the primary owner of self‐service reporting and Cogito content. BIDs may oversee reporting build in one or more fundamental areas such as: Inpatient, Outpatient, Revenue Cycle, Pharmacy, Quality, Operations and Access.
Job Description
This role reports to the Chief Data Officer - This role will have a specific Epic Platform Focus as a Business Intelligence Developer. - The Epic- BID is the primary owner of self‐service reporting and Cogito content. BIDs may oversee reporting build in one or more fundamental areas such as: Inpatient, Outpatient, Revenue Cycle, Pharmacy, Quality, Operations and Access. Additional focus will be on Slicer/Dicer, Kit and Caboodle. A BID’s application alignment might increase or be adjusted according to analytics needs, specifically when specialty application scope is large. Should have strong depth of knowledge about analytics and the Epic tools and features specific to their functional area, as well as knowledge of user workflows.
Should complete supplemental application training in addition to the courses required for their Cogito training. This hands-on role ensures that the infrastructure and configuration of specific areas enables reporting, dashboards and machine learning configuration for assigned areas and for development with other BID’s and enablement of Federated Users in their development of reports and use of exploratory analytics. Proficient with Cogito tools and with knowledge transfer to others.
Leads matrixed teams of employees and off-shore resources. - Has responsibility for end-to-end design and architecture, which includes but is not limited to Systems Engineering, Networking, Telecommunications, Application Delivery, Cloud, and Storage. Will work with limited supervision across Information Solution health, academic, and research domains to design architectural solutions for short and long-term that provide value for MUSC. Helps set the Infrastructure and technology strategy for MUSC and develops roadmaps, solution paths and designs that help the organization achieve those strategies.
Additional Job Description
Education: Bachelors Degree or equivalent Work Experience: 8-10 years
If you like working with energetic enthusiastic individuals, you will enjoy your career with us!
The Medical University of South Carolina is an Equal Opportunity Employer. MUSC does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, age, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, protected veteran status, family or parental status, or any other status protected by state laws and/or federal regulations. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment based upon applicable qualifications, merit and business need.
Medical University of South Carolina participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here: http://www.uscis.gov/e-verify/employees
