Do you have a passion for innovation? Are you excited to leverage cutting-edge technology to solve big business problems? If your response to those questions is “yes”, we would love for you to join us! At OrangePeople we consult for some of the most prestigious brands in the world. But more importantly, our consultants have a voice in the vision and future of the company. At OrangePeople, our focus is people. It’s right there in our name.
The ideal candidate must be able to use a collaborative, professional, and service-oriented approach interacting with business partners. This person will be analyzing standard operating procedures, retention processes. As well as contributing to the program document libraries.
Required Skills:
Partners with process owners and key stakeholders to identify, evaluate, and document process improvement opportunities that increase productivity, efficiency, quality, or customer satisfaction and/or reduce expenses
Documents the as is and to be environment to properly identify process and system requirements needed to achieve process goals
Communicates and translates requirements effectively and ensures proper coordination between technology teams and the process owners
Develops business requirements document ( BRD ), test scripts for user acceptance testing ( UAT ), and training materials for newly developed system and/or process enhancements
Facilitates discussion of business process changes and collaborate with process stakeholders, technical teams, and project manager to agree on overall project timeline
Partners with the process stakeholders on change control process, as needed
Prepares user training documents and delivers user training for newly developed applications, assists with update/creation of high-level business process documentation
Works with project team on completing business readiness documentation, collaborates with the business owners and users to prepare for business readiness and transfer knowledge of new process/system
Documents, maintains, and shares best practices and offers guidance and recommendations for process changes and potential solutions
Qualifications:
Able to research, create, and document requirements, processes and technical specifications.
Able to manage and prioritize multiple and widely varied work streams / tasks.
Able to take on multiple assignments, whether administrative or project related
Able to develop, present and effectively communicate ideas and strategies to a variety of audiences
Highly competent with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Quip, Excel
Ability to work quickly and efficiently to meet tight project deadlines
Able to execute with minimal direct supervision
Additional Responsibilities:
Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts.
Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc.
Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base.
Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested.
About us :
OrangePeople is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the OrangePeople team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal OrangePeople Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: Remote
