Data Science Learning, Associate Director
Gothenburg (SWE) or Macclesfield (UK) or Gaithersburg (US) or Barcelona (ESP) or Mississauga (CAN)
Salary – Competitive salary and company benefits apply
Be empowered to be innovative and creative where difference is valued
Join a place built on innovation and creativity. Where different views and perspectives are welcomed and valued. An environment that champions inclusion, and teams that reflect the diversity of the communities that we serve.
Would you like to be a part of a Data Science & Artificial Intelligence (DS&AI) group who has direct strategic impact on drug development, playing a key role in getting medicines to patients?
At AstraZeneca, we are constantly pushing the boundaries of science to deliver life-changing medicines to patients, with a real passion for discovery and a pipeline to show for it. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference in people’s lives every single day.
The Data Science & AI (DS&AI) team collaborates across R&D to drive innovation through data science and AI. Together we aim to:
Improve our understanding of disease and uncovering new targets
Transform R&D processes
Speed the design and delivery of new medicines for patients
The Data Science Learning Principal Specialist will join the Data Science Learning and Development team of DS&AI, which focuses on capability development for solid data science foundations across R&D, ensuring that all can benefit from a centralized approach to learning in this critical area; they will be an integral part of the team ensuring the long-term success of data science at AstraZeneca.
The role holder will work alongside the Data Science Learning Senior Director to (i) develop and deliver an impactful Data Science learning program for AZ R&D, working in collaboration with Therapy Areas and expert functions, and (ii) tailor our educational offering to the evolving needs of R&D scientists, data scientists, and leaders, ensuring they have the necessary knowledge and skills to progress and impact the R&D pipeline.
Main Duties and Responsibilities
Work with the Data Science Learning Senior Director to deliver a complete education program of courses (including both self-study and instructor-led training) and experiential learning opportunities (including apprenticeships and mentoring)
Develop training curricula and learning paths for R&D scientists, data scientists and leaders
Work with external vendors and experts in the field to develop course content and oversee delivery of tailored training
Support a network of R&D trainers (both internal and external) in curriculum planning, development and delivery, as appropriate for different courses, ensuring maximum impact and high-quality standards
Monitor learning uptake across R&D and evaluate training quality through analysis of trainees’ feedback
Promote learning offerings across data science communities and measure impact baselining and re-baselining to show improvement over time
Develop deep knowledge of DS&AI groups and portfolio of work, and align with education and awareness opportunities
Develop strong connections across R&D and capability functions including IT and ‘spoke’ data science teams to realize the objectives of Data Science Learning
Work in collaboration with the Global Talent & Development team to effectively leverage software tools to deploy education materials
Keep up with current trends and hot-topics, and evolve education offerings accordingly
Essential Requirements
BSc in a Life Science, Computer Science or equivalent experience
Life-long-learner with experience of multiple modes of learning and awareness of MOOCs and data science educational offerings
Experience with Degreed or other eLearning system
Excellent communication skills and facilitation skills
Desired requirements
Expertise in data science methods and application (e.g. data mining, visual analytics, machine learning)
Demonstrated experience in teaching in a commercial or professional environment.
So, what’s next?
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you. Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope it’s yours.
Where can I find out more?
Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/
Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/
Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en
#DSAI
#DataAI
