At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.
This is a new position. You will join a new cutting-edge Data Science team to advance the global drug development process. We are looking for candidates with experience modeling complex clinical, real-world data (RWD) using the classical ML algorithms, latest NLP techniques/algorithms as well as Deep Learning. Also, there is opportunity to do Image Analysis, Operations Optimization, and Biosensor Data Processing Algorithms. We are looking for hands-on technical state of the art practitioners.
What you’ll do:
Work with stakeholder to develop, implement and apply state-of-the-art algorithms to address key business problems
Develop novel ways of integrating, mining, and visualizing diverse, high dimensional and disparate data sets
Drive the development and implementation of innovative statistical methods, novel trial designs, etc.
Drive translation of digital health analytics; use of modern data processing learning capabilities including ML, AI, deep learning, and beyond.
Formulate, implement, test, and validate predictive models and implement efficient automated processes for producing modeling results at scale.
Responsible for collaborating with cross-functional teams, including but not limited to, clinicians, data scientists, translational medicine scientists, statisticians, and IT professionals.
Manage and coordinate limited resources to produce quality deliverables within timelines for competing priorities.
Key Requirements:
Ph.D. in a relevant quantitative field (i.e. Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Biostatistics, Statistics, Computer Science, etc.) and 10+ years of relevant experience
1+ years of experience as a professional Data Scientist after receiving a Ph.D.
Mastery in data analysis with data generated from clinical trials, or electronic health records and modeling methods particularly in their application to pharma R&D Experience in the application of AI/ML, and proficient in SQL, Python, and R and cloud platforms
Significant industry and track record of leading statistical innovation
Experience developing statistical models and classical machine learning on high dimensional data for time to event data and longitudinal outcomes
Perspective in leveraging innovative approaches to expedite drug development and address the complexities of emerging data
Experience with NLP is highly preferred
Experience with Survival Analysis is highly preferred
Experience in working with different causal ML and explainable AI is highly preferred
Experience in working with genomics, Flow Cytometry and immunobiology datasets is highly preferred
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.
Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
Physical presence at the BMS worksite or physical presence in the field is an essential job function of this role which the Company deems critical to collaboration, innovation, productivity, employee well-being and engagement, and enhances the Company culture.
To protect the safety of our workforce, customers, patients and communities, the policy of the Company requires all employees and workers in the U.S. and Puerto Rico to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless they have received an exception based on an approved request for a medical or religious reasonable accommodation. Therefore, all BMS applicants seeking a role located in the U.S. and Puerto Rico must confirm that they have already received or are willing to receive the full COVID-19 vaccination by their start date as a qualification of the role and condition of employment. This requirement is subject to state and local law restrictions and may not be applicable to employees working in certain jurisdictions such as Montana. This requirement is also subject to discussions with collective bargaining representatives in the U.S.
Our company is committed to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request an approval of accommodation prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application or if you are applying to a role based in the U.S. or Puerto Rico and you believe that you are unable to receive a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical condition or sincerely held religious belief, during or any part of the recruitment process, please direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com. Visit careers.bms.com/eeo-accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.
BMS will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, pursuant to applicable laws in your area.
Any data processed in connection with role applications will be treated in accordance with applicable data privacy policies and regulations.
