
Job Description
About Precision Analytics
 
Precision Analytics is a startup in Montreal, Canada, specializing in health data science and epidemiological research. We make software and  provide support for organizations across all stages of the drug development process, from early stage biotechnology to post-marketing pharmaceutical research in larger firms. We offer expertise in study design, analytics – including predictive modelling and causal inference – and customized software platforms for health data science. We strive to build innovative products that encompass a ‘cradle-to-grave’ approach to analysis and research.
Position Description
As a junior software developer at Precision Analytics, you will assist in all phases of the software development life cycle. This will include:
Writing front- and back-end code for interactive dashboards in R
Designing new features and functionality based on client requirements
Testing, debugging, and refactoring both new and existing R code
Performing code reviews and participating in pull request reviews
Deploying and maintaining web servers
Assisting in the extract, transform, load (ETL) process for new data
In addition, software developers at Precision Analytics work closely with our data scientists, both providing and receiving assistance when necessary, which provides a unique opportunity for mutual learning.
Qualifications
Please apply if you:
Are an R programmer or software developer who is passionate about having a      meaningful impact in the biopharmaceutical sector
Possess a genuine interest in improving our code/software infrastructure and related services
Like working in a small, multidisciplinary team on science-related projects
Are a proactive problem-solver with strong analytical skills and a good sense for code quality
 
Must-haves:
Experience working in R, or a willingness to embrace it
Experience writing production-ready code
Proficiency with git and the Linux command line
Experience writing thorough documentation of package functions
Ability to communicate in English clearly and accurately with people from various technical backgrounds
 
Nice-to-haves:
Technical expertise in web development and/or interactive data visualization (e.g. using the Shiny R package)
Experience with SQL
Experience with AWS
Experience with continuous integration services (e.g. Travis CI)
Interest in pursuing an ongoing relationship to support the package at the conclusion of the development contract
Willingness to explore new R package features and document best practices
Perks
Beautiful office space in the mile end
Competitive benefits
Frequent 5 à 7’s
A VERY CUTE (hypoallergenic) office dog
 
Applicants must be legally allowed to work in Québec
We welcome everyone to apply, and we emphatically invite women, minorities, POC, gender-non conforming folk to join our team.
This is NOT a remote position.
 
 
How to Apply
Apply by sending your CV to [email protected]
Cover letter not required but always appreciated


 Job Categories: R Developer. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: #rstats #developer #juniorsoftwaredeveloper #montreal. Salaries: Less than $100,000.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




