ABOUT US
Auction Technology Group is a global technology company with over 350 employees, headquartered in London, United Kingdom with global offices in Omaha, Nebraska, Lehi, Utah, New York, New York and Hamburg, Germany. ATG's platform powers over 70,000 live and timed auctions every year across multiple verticals including Art and Antiques, Classic Cars, Heavy Construction, Agricultural, Industrial & Commercial, and Consumer Retail Returns and many more.
Proxibid.com (PXB) and BidSpotter.com (BSC) are the leading auction marketplaces in North America, serving 2,000 auctioneers throughout USA, Canada, APAC. We deliver unique value through a clear full-service offering spanning ecommerce & auction strategy, demand generation, managed marketplace access, support, analytics and white label software solutions. Both PXB and BSC are part of the ATG portfolio.
A demanding but highly rewarding culture, people at ATG have the ability to future-proof their careers and widen their skillset since we look for multi-faceted individuals. Exposure to tech development, digital marketing, product management, account management, brand awareness and much more is assured early on in your career at ATG even if your specific role is in a different area of the business. Successful people at ATG relish the opportunity to upskill themselves and gain experience in a variety of disciplines.
THE ROLE
The Junior Business Analyst is responsible for providing research, modeling, analysis, and guidance using operations research and data science techniques. The Junior Business Analyst produces financial and operational reports and analyzes business performance metrics to reveal trends, correlations, dependencies, and gain other insights. In addition, the analyst monitors results, elicits requirements for projects or business systems, provides documentation for those business systems, and conducts cost-benefit analysis. This role supports a wide variety of departments and projects and is an integral cross-functional team member and leader contributing to the operational excellence of the company. This position is open to remote consideration in all states except New York, New Jersey and Colorado.
KEY TASKS & RESPONSIBILITIES
Formulates mathematical models, calibration, statistical analysis and validation
Uses data and associated reporting to identify trends, anticipate outcomes, root cause analysis, problem identification and generally draw conclusions to help advance company growth
Capable of creating recurring departmental reports and dashboards based on the individual department needs while tied to identified corporate strategic priorities
Experience with data warehousing and business analytics fundamentals
Strong advocate for data governance to ensure data quality, consistency and protection
Pursues in-depth and detailed knowledge of systems, processes and reports to ensure full understanding
Calculates ROI and cost-benefit to ensure programs are profitable and meet the business need
Documents reports and system requirements for future use and training
Prioritizes and delivers on multiple in-flight projects at the same time across multiple departments
Proactively communicates with project stakeholders and teammates to ensure project deadlines and expectations are met
Goes the “extra mile” when completing projects to assess results, provide summaries and suggest other approaches or solutions
Sets a leadership example for peers and fosters clear communication between departments
Actively continues self-development process by gaining knowledge and further building skills as a professional
Listens, communicates and responds well to others both internally and externally
Demonstrates and attitude of helpfulness, support and takes initiatives
Creates and contributes to a positive and productive team environment
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Strong knowledge of technology and a sense of urgency are a must
Understanding of statistics, information science and business processes
Able to manage in a fast-paced demanding environment
Highly analytical, flexible and strong attention to detail
Passionate and driven individual contributor
Must have excellent writing skills and able to communicate in an articulate and professional manner
Demonstrated success defining, launching, and successfully managing projects that contribute to revenue growth
Ability to independently influence and lead cross-functional teams
Advanced knowledge of MS Suite (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel) is required
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study
DIVERSITY, EQUALITY, AND INCLUSION
ATG strives to be a company where people of all races, religions and persuasions can work and thrive in a supportive environment. We are fully committed to the elimination of unlawful and unfair discrimination, and we value the differences that a diverse workforce brings to our organization. We will not discriminate because of any other irrelevant factor and proud to have built a culture that values meritocracy, openness, fairness, and transparency.
You will not be disadvantaged because of who you are or where you come from. What matters to us is that you are the best person for the job and are passionate and committed to our vision to deliver in your role.
We will do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our HR team who will be happy to support you.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
