Company Description

ClientSolv Technologies is an IT solution firm with over a decade of experience serving Fortune 1000 companies, public sector and small to medium sized companies. ClientSolv Technologies is a woman-owned and operated company that is certified as a WMBE, 8a firm by the Federal government's Small Business Administration.

Job Description

We are seeking an Applied Machine Learning Engineer for a direct hire/permanent role. This direct hire/permanent role can work remotely from anywhere within the U.S. and will lead the production deployment of data science and ML algorithms, establishing appropriate model monitoring and CI/CD processes, and advise leadership on cloud architecture development.

Additional responsibilities include:

Converts MVP data science models into production level code and deploys them in on prem (python) and cloud environments (primarily AWS).
Establishes model monitoring processes and drives continuous improvement of existing models.
Actively engages with Data Engineering and IT teams influencing cloud architecture decisions.
Collaborates with external vendors/partners such as AWS and Accenture.
Works in both independent and collaborative team environments.
Interprets, communicates, and presents analytic results to business executives.
Reviews code and modeling approaches of Data Scientists.
Continually strengthens knowledge of analytical methods, vendors, and tools.
Actively participates in knowledge-sharing opportunities within team and across the company.

Qualifications
Must have experience in a manufacturing environment.
Master’s degree in computer science, machine learning, deep learning or related field (e.g., data science, statistics, or similar)
5+ years of experience building, scaling and operating cloud services in Azure, AWS, or GCP (AWS strongly preferred)
3+ years of experience deploying ML APIs in production environments – from model training and versioning to delivery to customers Applied experience and working knowledge across a wide range of statistical and machine learning techniques.
What are the nice-to-have skills?
Experience in Machine Learning in auto or related industries (incl. image, speech, pattern recognition & anomaly detection)
Experience in a startup environment strongly preferred
Experience in IoT and streaming data analytics. Experience building & deploying commercial (monetized) data science/ML solutions.
Experience building & deploying dynamic pricing solutions.
Experience building & deploying recommendation engines.

Additional Information

This direct hire/permanent role can work remotely from anywhere within the U.S. The salary range for this role is between $130,000- $150,000 per year, plus a 20% annual bonus, and a comprehesnive suite of benefits.
