Title: Data Engineer
Location: DocGo HQ- 35 West 35th Street, New York, NY 10001
Employment Type: Full-Time, In-Office
Benefits: Medical, Dental, and Vision (with company contribution), Paid Time Off, 401k
Salary Range: $140,000-$150,000

About DocGo:
DocGo is transforming healthcare with peerless innovation and on-the-ground care. Our mobile workforce of thousands of full-time traveling clinicians and our proprietary, AI-powered software leverages robust medical record integrations to drastically improve patient outcomes. In our tireless pursuit of high-quality, highly affordable healthcare for all, DocGo makes the impossible possible. We’re revolutionizing the delivery of healthcare and we need a Data Engineer to join us.

Responsibilities:
Plan and set up a new Data Warehouse in Amazon Redshift:
Define the data catalogue
Optimized data transformation for our BI tool
Implement a full reproducibility of all data changes
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional/ non-functional business requirements
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements
Automating manual processes
Optimizing data delivery
Redesigning infrastructure for greater scalability
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using MySQL, RedShift
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
Qualifications:
Minimum of four years of proven work experience
Experience in concepts and structures of Data Warehouses
SQL knowledge with ability to write optimized data sources for Tableau
Experience with big data tools: RedShift
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2 EMR, RDS, RedShift
Preferred experience with report building tools like Tableau
Experience with object-oriented function scripting languages: Python, Ruby, etc.
EEO/AAP Statement: DocGo is an equal opportunity employer. We acknowledge and honor the fundamental value and dignity of all individuals. We pledge ourselves to crafting and maintaining an environment that respects diverse traditions, heritages, and experiences. DocGo is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
The above-noted job description is not intended to describe, in detail, the multitude of tasks that may be assigned but rather to give the applicant a general sense of the responsibilities and expectations of this position. As the nature of business demands change so, too, may the essential functions of the position.
