Introduction
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.

Your Role and Responsibilities
We are looking for a Director level leader to join the IBM Watson Advertising Partnership team to build strategic, enterprise level relationships directly with brands, agencies and technology partners across the digital advertising ecosystem. Our next colleague will have significant experience managing and/or selling large scale data management solutions, developing targeting and analytics solutions with 1st and 3rd party data as well as extensive experience with buy-side and sell-side programmatic advertising capabilities. IBM Watson Advertising uses the world’s leading artificial intelligence (AI) technology to unlock data and insights and help marketers make faster and more meaningful decisions. We are looking for a partner manager with the passion and drive to accelerate our revenue growth with existing and new business partners. We would love to talk with you if you’re someone that thrives on working collaboratively across teams, is naturally curious and is a sales hunter.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
6-10 years of relevant industry experience in Business Development, Partnership Management, Sales or Client Service role with an AdTech company.
Proven track record of success exceeding personal goals in in quota carrying role and/or growing strategic partnerships.
Ability to structure Partner negotiations that provide economic and tactical advantages to our clients while producing scaled revenue for IBM
Thorough understanding of the AdTech ecosystem including DSPs, SSPs, Creative Platform and Analytics solution providers.
Ability to liaise between external partners and internal IBM teams to identify direct brand or agency relationships with revenue growth opportunities. Engage in co-selling opportunities with internal colleagues and external partners to maximize revenue attainment and market coverage.

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Actively prospect, qualify and close new partnership relationships. Manage the sales enablement process with internal and external sales partners.
Ability to synthesize the needs of customers into a cohesive product opportunity and become the voice of the customer internally to guide and align product priorities.
Strong presentation development and delivery skills that influence key decision makers with Platform partners and key customers.

About Business Unit
IBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.
This job requires you to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status with supporting documentation, where legally permissible.

Your Life @ IBM
Are you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.

Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.

It's time to define your career.

About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.

Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.

At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

Location Statement
IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:

12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.
World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.
Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.
Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).
Select educational reimbursement opportunities.
Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.
Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.
Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
