Pharmacy Benefits Reinvented- As the industry’s alternative pharmacy benefit manager (PBM), we’re committed to making prescriptions more affordable for you and your members. Here at Navitus, our team members work in an environment that celebrates creativity, fosters diversity and encourages growth. We welcome new ideas and share a passion for excellence.
Senior Business Information Analyst is an expert level role that leverages business acumen and technical skills to identify and communicate insights that empower our clients to make data-driven decisions that best serve their members. The ideal candidate is eager to learn, solution-oriented, a skilled communicator with proficiency using data analytics and business intelligence tools to deliver actionable insights.
Is this you? Find out more below!
How do I make an impact on my team?
Serve as point of contact with the client for all client’s analytics related requests. Build and manage relationships with clients and consultants, with a focus on understanding the perspectives and objectives held by clients and the members they serve
Manage collaboration among internal subject matter experts of formulary, network and rebate contracting, clinical programs, and Pharmacists to develop and implement data reporting solutions for clients
Quantify financial impacts of various levers available to clients, identify insights and provide recommendations as appropriate
Effectively communicate key insights and recommendations to internal and external audiences across all levels of leadership
Validate clients purchasing decision and affirm to clients that financial expectations are being met by comparing pharmacy spend before and after client implementation
Use Qlikview, QlikSense, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle SQL Developer and other tools to provide key metrics, visualizations and ad hoc reports
Communicate effectively and work closely with a variety of users to gather requirements, present solutions, validate effectiveness, and conduct user testing
Identify and present data insights, anomalies and trends to impacted business areas
Create data stories and observations to effectively assist business areas in decision making
Verify analysis, reports or other deliverables are complete and accurate
Adapt quickly to changing reporting requirements and new BI tools in a rapidly evolving, high-growth organization
Assist users on how to extract the information from the BI tools
Initiate collaborative relationships with business stakeholders and IT
Research, suggest, and contribute to brainstorming development opportunities
Identify and provide insights into streamlining analytics processes and research improvement opportunities
Commitment to professional growth by seeking out opportunities for development
Lead and facilitate meetings with internal and external stakeholders
Serve as a mentor and Subject Matter Expert (SME) to teammates and business areas
What our team expects from you?
BA/BS with focus on business, computer science, information systems, mathematics, statistics or equivalent combined education and experience preferred
At least five years of experience with BA/BS or three years with master's degree in analytics, data modeling, or business intelligence is preferred
Experience with a BI tools such as Tableau, Qlikview/QlikSense, SAS, Power B.I. or other Business Intelligence software and/or data visualization programs is preferred. Knowledge with additional data analytic tools such as SQL, Python or R is preferred
Participate in, adhere to, and support compliance program objectives
The ability to consistently interact cooperatively and respectfully with other employees
What can you expect from Navitus?
Hours/Location: Monday – Friday
Paid Volunteer Hours
Educational Assistance Plan and Professional Membership assistance
Referral Bonus Program – up to $750!
Top of the industry benefits for Health, Dental, and Vision insurance, Flexible Spending Account, Paid Time Off, Eight paid holidays, 401K, Short-term and Long-term disability, College Savings Plan, Paid Parental Leave, Adoption Assistance Program, and Employee Assistance Program
