Business Analyst
isolved transforms the way you manage your most important asset your people. Our human capital management (HCM) and workforce technology brings together HR, payroll, time and attendance, expense management, and benefits enrollment all in one robust, easy-to-use platform.
At isolved, we're on a mission to help our customers transform employee experience for a better today and a better tomorrow, and we want to tell the world about it. We know that human resources is always evolving, quite simply because it's a people business, and so our People Cloud platform is not just built with people in mind but is ready for the future of work. As we continue to grow market share and increase our customer community of more than 145,000 employers, we are now seeking an outstanding talent in the following position:
Business Analyst
The Business Analyst will be responsible for analyzing the business needs of customers and stakeholders to help identify business problems and propose solutions and assure that projects are properly prioritized and that task deadlines are enforced. This individual will understand and implement the standards and compliance measures of iSolved consistently and will proactively seek opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base and proficiencies, share acquired skills with team members through formal and informal channels and encourage development of internal staff.
Principal Responsibilities
Perform requirements gathering and analysis to create business cases for product development.
Make recommendations for product enhancements.
Lead development projects utilizing Agile methodology.
Manage andor write product requirements documents.
Lead and implement production rollout and administration.
Test and provide feedback for new product and services.
Provide support to identify and document system deficiencies and recommend solutions.
Effectively communicate changes and updates to documents, processes and systems.
All other related jobs functions as needed.
Essential Requirements
Demonstrate business process knowledge in the areas of payroll, employee benefits, employee expense management, and other functional areas associated with HCM product offerings.
Strong technical aptitude and capabilities.
Proven customer service leadership skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including fluency in English.

Preferred Skills Requirement

Software implementation experience, preferably in a SaaS environment.
Expense management software experience.
Microsoft Office experience, (Word, Power Point and Excel) expert preferably.
Associates degree or equivalent education and business experience.

Location: This position will be based in the USA (office or remote) and will require minimal travel.
Duration: This is a full time, permanent position.
