Solutions driven success.

XPO is a top ten global provider of transportation services, with a highly integrated network of people, technology and physical assets. At XPO Logistics, we look for employees who like a challenge and can communicate effectively in all situations. We want to leverage your skills and years of experience to drive positive results while ensuring a bright future for yourself and XPO. If you’re looking for a growth opportunity, join us at XPO.

As the Manager, Data Science, you will play a pivotal role in the research and development of technology products, drive better and faster decision making across the company and support the creation of a global data science competency. You will work with business stakeholders across the company to ingest data analytics into every. You will also help grow a world-class data science team and mentor other data scientists, engineers, and analysts. This is an opportunity to drive tremendous business value at a rapidly growing, highly entrepreneurial company.

Pay, benefits and more.
We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and more.

What you’ll do on a typical day:
Identify, implement and drive adoption of analytics-based solutions to business problems
Perform quantitative research on large data sets
Mentor other data scientists, engineers and analysts
Serve as subject matter expert on data science, providing scientific support across the company and for end customers
Carry out descriptive, predictive, prescriptive analytics and communicate findings to leadership and customers
What you need to succeed at XPO:
At a minimum, you’ll need:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent related work or military experience
5 years of experience delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data analysis, geospatial, finance, econometrics, cloud computing or big data and database management
Experience with statistical modeling, data analytics and visualization using R and Python (Numpy, Pandas, Scipy, Plotly and Matplotlib)
Ability to recognize problem types and the appropriate models to apply
Experience writing SQL fluently, recognizing and correcting inefficient or error-prone SQL and performing test-driven validation of SQL queries and their results
Strong programing and algorithm development skills as applied to working with large data sets
Attention to detail and motivation to minimize error
Experience with data modeling and data architecture
Ability to mentor, teach, and motivate junior team members
It’d be great if you also have:
Master’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, Business or a related field; or recent college graduate with hands-on, moderately complex internship projects of greater than 6 months
Superior skills in data mining and data cleansing techniques
Data science specialization from Coursera, Udacity, Data Camp, etc.
Be part of something big.
#LI-Remote

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran or other protected status.

All applicants who receive a conditional offer of employment may be required to take and pass a pre-employment drug test.

The above statements are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties and skills for this job classification.

Review XPO's candidate privacy statement here.
