As a leading financial technology platform, OppFi powers banks to bring credit access to millions of everyday consumers who are locked out of mainstream financial options. We go beyond our mission - to help people rebuild financial health - and further ensure we keep the customer at the center of everything we do. We are creating a Customer-obsessed culture with the capital "C".
And it starts with our team here. We are a team of caring, innovative, and inclusive individuals who thrive in being immersed in diverse talents, expertise, perspectives, and backgrounds. Our employees approach every new challenge with an unparalleled ability to see what could be rather than settle for what is. We welcome individuals who want to make a difference in the financial system by creating and building simple, transparent products that facilitate credit access, enable savings, and build wealth.
A few other fun facts about us. OppFi has been an Inc. 5000 company for six straight years, a Deloitte's Technology Fast 500™, the seventh fastest-growing Chicagoland company by Crain's Chicago Business, and was named on Built In's 2022 Best Places to Work in Chicago.

The Role:
As a Marketing Data Science Director, you will lead the development of world-class analytics within Oppfi's Marketing team. You will deliver data and insights to drive marketing strategy, decision-making, and execution. You will partner with marketing channel managers to optimize campaigns and develop new strategies. You will work closely with other Analytics leaders to drive operational excellence across the organization.
You will help develop a complete understanding of how marketing channels and other business levers work together to drive efficiency and incremental sales.
What you get to do:
Drive analytics projects end-to-end. Work with marketing channel experts and cross-functional teams to inform, influence, support, and execute the marketing strategy.
Build and enhance media models to optimize online/offline acquisition channels and update the media attribution models.
Lead the development and adoption of advanced attribution models to measure and help optimize marketing spending.
Apply marketing measurement techniques, including media mix models, multi-touch attribution, a/b testing, and causal inference models, to quantify the impact of marketing tactics on financial outcomes.
Partner with internal Marketing, Finance, Tech, and Product teams to develop a quarterly forecast.
Develop tools and training that enable Marketers to adopt an analytical mindset for their daily business decisions.
Provide leadership in identifying opportunities to leverage advanced analytics to drive incremental marketing performance and business value.
Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation.
Define, understand and test opportunities to improve our marketing strategy and drive roadmaps through insights and recommendations.
Run discovery analytics to identify new opportunities.
What you will bring to the team:
Experience developing custom models based on an in-depth understanding of the underlying data and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet stakeholders' needs.
Experience with causal inference measurement methodologies (a/b and multivariate testing, customer-level synthetic control groups, Google Causal Inference, geo-based a/b testing).
Experience leveraging big data technologies and modern data visualization tools (Tableau) to blend data from multiple sources to help answer multi-dimensional business questions.
Experience developing machine learning, statistical, and optimization algorithms to solve complex business problems.
Strong organizational skills with a demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities and lead complex projects with a high degree of ambiguity.
Experience working with cross-functional teams.
Experience designing rapid experiments and iterating quickly
7+ years of experience in data science or analytics. Experience working with marketing teams is a strong plus.
MS in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, or equivalent quantitative field.
Knowledge of modern analytical tools and languages like Python, R, and SQL.

Reports to: Vice President of Marketing
Job Level: Director
The minimum salary for this role is $150,000. The total compensation package includes eligibility for performance-based bonuses as well as a 1-time equity grant based on level.
The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be at the company's sole discretion, and determined by a myriad of factors including, but not limited to, years of experience, depth of experience, and other relevant business considerations.
Total Rewards and Benefits
OppFi offers a flexible remote environment, 401(k) matching program, and flexible paid vacation. Other benefits include medical benefits, dental and vision coverage, and tuition reimbursement. To support your wellness & growth, we provide monthly meditation and yoga classes and access to all LinkedIn Learning courses. We also offer Fringe, which is a lifestyle benefits platform that lets you decide how you want to spend your rewards from dozens of vendors like Uber, Doordash, and Urban Sitter. Dress code is casual.
EEOC Statement:
OppFi is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on any actual or perceived legally recognized protected bases under local, state, or federal law or regulations. Our goal as a company is to build an equitable workplace that actively works to dismantle systems of oppression in our processes, procedures, and interactions. We aim to help our employees thrive where they work and beyond. Check out our Culture page here.
OppFi is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, OppFi will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact our People team at recruiting@oppfi.com.
Pursuant to the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act, OppFi is providing the "OppFi California Employee Privacy Policy", which details the categories of personal information collected and your rights under the policy. If you are a California resident, please review the policy here: https://www.oppfi.com/careers/
