At Snorkel AI, we're redefining how people and organizations build AI applications. Snorkel started as a research project in the Stanford AI Lab in 2016, creating a higher-level interface to machine learning through programmatically labeled and managed training data. From deploying in some of the world's largest and most sophisticated tech organizations, to empowering scientists, doctors, and journalists — we've seen firsthand how this approach democratizes and accelerates AI. Now, we're building Snorkel Flow to bring our technology to everyone!
Building Snorkel Flow requires outstanding engineers and technologies across the stack, including scalable data pipelines, elegant and intuitive interfaces (both visual and programmatic), state-of-the-art ML modeling techniques, and best practices for seamless deployment. Modern AI approaches require large labeled training datasets to learn from. While traditional approaches typically rely on armies of human annotators to label by hand, Snorkel Flow empowers users to programmatically label and build training data sets to drive a radically faster, more flexible, and higher quality end-to-end AI development process. Snorkel Flow is an end-to-end development platform, complete with a GUI and powerful programmatic interfaces for driving the development process for full AI application workflows: from preprocessing, to programmatic training data creation, to ML model training, to analysis, and deployment. It's the data-first platform for enterprise AI.
Excited to help us redefine how AI applications are built? Apply to be the newest Snorkeler!
As an Applied Machine Learning Engineer, you'll drive and own frontier Snorkel Flow use cases, such as new data modalities, application types, and user experiences. You'll engage new ML use cases through hands-on customer problems and serve as a product owner to generalize learnings into the core Snorkel Flow platform.
Main Responsibilities
Formulate and deliver pragmatic, cutting edge solutions for "frontier" Snorkel Flow's ML use cases and user experiences
Lead technical engagements for high-value customers in new verticals and around new use cases
Serve as product owners for new ML paradigms, data science workflows, and customer feedback back into Snorkel Flow
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years of professional experience with machine learning, or 1+ years of professional experience with machine learning with an advanced degree in a relevant field
Expertise in modern machine learning frameworks and technologies (e.g. PyTorch, Transformers, Scikit-learn, NumPy, Pandas), and an obsession with thorough ML evaluation
Experience working with directly with customers on machine learning problems
Experience building and maintaining large scale, production data pipelines for machine learning applications
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and strong technical communication skills
Be Your Best At Snorkel
Snorkel AI is on a mission to make machine learning practical for everyone, and it starts with building a team that welcomes, represents and gives opportunity to all. We work at the frontier of AI and software engineering, and believe that underrepresented communities need to play a part in shaping the future of these fields. At Snorkel AI, we actively work to create an environment that values end-to-end ownership, diverse forms of impact, and opportunities for personal growth.
Snorkelers are supported by an amazing team and an amazing set of benefits. We offer comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans for Snorkelers and their families, plus a yearly wellness stipend. Our 401k program lets Snorkelers plan for their future with a 100% match up to 5% of annual salary. And our parental leave program lets new parents take up to 20 weeks of paid time off. Learn more about these benefits and more — like our workstation setup allowance — on our Careers page.
Snorkel AI is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and is committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Snorkel AI embraces diversity and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. Snorkel AI prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, performance, merit, and business need.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
