Summary
Posted: May 5, 2022
Role Number: 200376291
Do you get excited by driving product impact via measurement and evaluation, for products and services used by hundreds of millions of people globally? The vision for the AI/ML Data organization is to improve Apple products by using data as the voice of our customers. Within this organization the mission of the Search Analytics team is to inform product evolution through measurement, evaluation, and analysis of the user experience. You will build a team of data scientists to partner with Search engineering teams to guide feature development with data, to develop amazing search experiences across iPhone, iPad, HomePod, Mac, Watch, tv, across dozens of languages.
Key Qualifications
A demonstrated passion for data analysis, data-informed product innovation, building and crafting data culture.
3+ years in a managerial role, recruiting top talent, growing and scaling analytics organizations.
Ability to manage complex relationships across multiple functions and establish positive relationships. Outstanding communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all levels of an organization.
Technical rigor - ability to work with engineering teams and develop sustainable solutions for rigorous analytics.
Strong analytical product intuition - able to use data impactfully in guiding development of products and user experiences.
Know how to weave definition of user experience instrumentation, definition of success metrics, implementation and validation, into the process.
Description
IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL - Lead the development of rigorous human rating and online user based metrics and measurement. Define what our evaluation tools should do and guide their development. - Be involved in new product definition with a view to crisply defining what the success criteria are. - Drive high-impact exploratory analyses and investigations to enrich our understanding of how people use Search across many Apple products and over time. - Build team capabilities (through hiring, training, tools, and process) that enable the reproducible, transparent, trusted work that influences decisions. Develop a strong consultancy approach that understands how to support and inform decisions over a large, complex feature development organization. - Partner with Search product engineering teams to develop learning plans with recommendations of analytical approaches to address questions or validate hypotheses and thereby optimize experiences and models. - Influence the roadmaps of partners and collaborators developing the Search products and Data analytics infrastructure. Ensure the analytics environment is conducive to productive work by your team, and partner with various teams to make it so. MANAGEMENT STYLE You know how to recruit, hire and grow people who are not only great technically but also demonstrate success in the highly collaborative, functional environment of innovation at Apple. Your team is proactive and drives a vision, and works in service of something larger without creating a service org. Your team can deliver what is needed but also redefine what is possible. As a leader, you give clear feedback to your team that balances opportunities for growth with vision to encourage. You are humble and lead by example, have compassion for your colleagues and the challenges they face but can drive a controversial direction when needed. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace.
Education & Experience
Additional Requirements
