This position is a remote role, open anywhere throughout the United States.
JOB SUMMARY
The Digital Solutions Department at the American Cancer Society (ACS) seeks a GIS Enterprise administrator with understanding of GIS systems, databases, data analysis and administration for a position within the Digital solutions department. We are searching for a team player that has a good foundation of GIS sciences/technology and poses relevant knowledge and/or experience of GIS systems / GIS enterprise. The candidate will support the installation, configuration, operation, and maintenance of the GIS systems as well as GIS and data analysis tasks as identified by leadership.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
This role is responsible for supporting the different facets of the ACS GIS Enterprise implementation, as prioritized by leadership. Responsibilities will include: GIS mapping and analysis tasks; the installation, configuration, operation and maintenance of ArcGIS Enterprise and ArcGIS Online software deployments and associated data; making architecture recommendations for new deployments; publishing web services; supporting new capabilities introduced to the Enterprise GIS implementation; triaging issues with ArcGIS Server services and Portal for ArcGIS web applications and interfaces; configuring security and authentication for Portal and ArcGIS for Server and monitoring infrastructure throughout the lifecycle. Additional responsibilities include:
Collaborate with the vendor and internal ACS IT staff to successfully install the ArcGIS enterprise software on a cloud environment
Administer the ACS ArcGIS Enterprise software (ArcGIS Server, Portal for ArcGIS, ArcGIS Data Store and other components) and promptly respond to issues and performance concerns raised by users
Administer servers and infrastructure (hardware and operating system administration)
Support ArcGISonline and GIS desktop users from across the organizations. Coordinate with GIS team members responses to questions and concerns
Provide GIS assistance to ACS staff as related to mapping, analysis and technical support as related to the enterprise or ArcGISonline
Perform GIS analysis and other tasks as directed by the Data Science leadership.
Manages standard release schedule, including documentation review, compatibility assessment, and identification of risks and opportunities.
Submit and track requests to Esri Tech Support and handle incidents as an Authorized Caller
Collaborate with ACS IT department staff as related to authentication, security, load balancing, hardware requirements and other administration tasks.
Audit GIS environment (servers, files, services) for security, performance, configuration issues
Monitor software to address performance issues, errors, hardware overutilization and track usage trends (using system monitoring tools such as ArcGIS Monitor).
Develop documentation for users and system administrators as well as best practices and guidelines for using the ACS ArcGIS enterprise (Portal and online) as needed
Manage, support and upgrade licenses for the entire ArcGIS System
Administer load balancer configurations and firewall settings
Work with the Database support team in IT to administer Relational Database Management System(s) (RDBMS) to support enterprise geodatabase hosting (storage, security, optimization, tracing)
This role is also responsible for maintaining one or more License Manager Servers for concurrent use ArcGIS for Desktop or ArcGIS Pro licensing.
Manages configuration changes related to monthly ACS IT releases.
Interact with end users and support teams to resolve escalated support issues.
Perform miscellaneous job-related duties and assists on other projects as assigned.


Position Requirements:
