We are seeking a Business Analyst to join the Hitachi Vantara team. This person will have the opportunity to support various projects ranging from maintenance of applications, to building of new applications, and assisting with application enhancements.
Required Skills
5-7 years of experience acting as a business analyst
Experience with gathering features, epics, user stories, documentation create and updates
Experience in reverse engineering business rules from existing systems to support transformation initiatives.
Experience in producing a functional design to support the user stories.
Experience with assisting with creating test plan, defect triage and prioritization
Experience in performing sanity testing and provide signoff on features to PO to review
BS or BA from an accredited University or College
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or any time in the future.

Desired Skills
Experience with Agile methodologies and best practices
Experience in JIRA, Confluence, Zephyr tools
Experience in cross functional remote collaboration tools such as Miro, Klaxoon
Experience with functional testing
Ability to work in a collaborative environment with a self-starter mentality

Our Company
Hitachi Vantara is part of the Global Hitachi family. We balance innovation with an open, friendly culture and the backing of a long-established parent company, known for its ethical reputation. We guide customers from what's now to what's next by unlocking the value of their data and applications to solve their digital challenges, achieving outcomes that benefit both business and society.
Our people are our biggest asset, they drive our innovation advantage and we strive to offer a flexible and collaborative workplace where they can thrive. Diversity of thought is welcomed and our employee base is represented by several active Employee Resource Group communities. We offer industry leading benefits packages (flexible working, generous pension and private healthcare) and promote a creative and inclusive culture. If driving real change gives you a sense of pride and you are passionate about powering social good, we'd love to hear from you.
Our Values
We strive to create an inclusive environment for all and are open to considering home working, compressed/flexible hours and flexible arrangements. Get in touch with us to explore how we might be able to accommodate your specific needs.
We are proud to say we are an equal opportunity employer and welcome all applicants for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. With Japanese roots going back over 100 years, our culture is founded on the values of our parent company expressed as the Hitachi Spirit:
Wa – Harmony, Trust, Respect
Makoto – Sincerity, Fairness, Honesty, Integrity
Kaitakusha-Seishin – Pioneering Spirit, Challenge
