Work with Us
At Experient Group, we value community, collaboration, and people who are willing to roll up their sleeves to get the job done. While functional and technical skills are critical, we place a priority on hiring people who match our values. Our philosophy is simple: we attract and hire talented people, then provide them with a supportive community, career opportunities, and guidance from our experienced leadership so they can thrive. In short, we strive to serve our people better than anyone else.
What You’ll Do
Identify business needs and determine technical solutions to business problems.
Resolve customer issues by researching inquiries, interacting with customers, identifying root causes and taking appropriate action to correct.
Provide resolution steps to technical team(s) if unable to resolve directly.
Meet with client team(s) to identify business needs and assign priorities.
Gather business requirements for current state discovery sessions
As skills and customer knowledge increase, become more self-directed and independent and serve as a resource to others.
What You’ll Bring
Ability to analyze complex issues and distill concepts to clients
Strong analytical and interpersonal communication skills, while working independently
Organizational skills and the ability to handle a vast array of information
Experience in defining and documenting business processes and requirements
A strong record of academic accomplishment and 4 year college degree.
Some coursework in a Computer Science or technology related field.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Ability to work well within a team.
Passion for learning and a passion for solving business problems with technology.
Nice to have: Post-graduate work experience or Masters degree.
Location: Atlanta, GA or Charlotte, NC based position.

About Us
Experient Group is an Atlanta-based business + IT consultancy that offers flexible and innovative solutions tailored to our clients' business environment, culture, and budget. We don't assume anything - we set out to continually prove ourselves by going above and beyond in every client engagement. We work collaboratively to understand our clients' business and provide guidance that enables them to achieve results.
BZP0oT9zPY
