The Opportunity:
You know that true progress is made at the intersection of business and tech, and as an IT business analyst, you can develop skills in both. Here, you’ll have the chance to work with an agile team as they develop digital products to support your clients’ most pressing missions. We’re looking for someone like you to implement business analytics and processes, as well as delve into technology trends to deliver user-friendly client experiences.
Advise and partner with clients to provide highly developed domain expertise, stakeholder relationships, and advanced capability knowledge. Identify stakeholders’ business and system requirements and translate or decompose those needs into actionable software requirements, test criteria, and scenarios. Manage business requirements and clarify the intended functional behavior of software for stakeholders.
Join us. The world can’t wait.
You Have:
Experience with using Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Experience with writing use cases and process diagrams, creating meaningful reports from research, and analysis of disparate data sources
Experience with Agile process
Knowledge of business process design, improvement, reengineering, and data visualization
Ability to analyze and document business or workflow requirements and system touchpoints
Ability to research and analyze information and communicate work processes to audiences with varying levels of understanding through oral and written communication products
Bachelor’s degree
Ability to obtain public trust clearance
Nice If You Have:
Ability to contribute to the preparation for and delivery of software system demonstrations to the user community
Possession of excellent verbal and written communication skills
Create Your Career:
Grow With Us
Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.
A Place Where You Belong
Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll build your community in no time.
Support Your Well-Being
Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.
Your Candidate Journey
At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.
We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
