A Database Administrator is responsible for the integration of database elements into a common system for the purpose of improving data processing efficiency and maintenance related to applications and storage. An employee of this class analyzes many systems for discrete and common elements and integrates these elements into an operable system which satisfies the needs of all systems while maintaining the data integrity and security of each system.
SALARY INFORMATION
MONTHLY SALARY: $10,550.96 - $13,070.79 ($126,611.52 - $156,849.48 annually)
*Salary Information is based on a full-time, 12-month position.
VACANCY INFORMATION
A vacancy exists at the Los Angeles Community College District Office, 770 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90017.
BENEFITS
District-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance plans for employee and dependents.
$50,000 District-paid life insurance policy.
12 full-pay days and 88 half-pay days of illness leave.
A minimum of 16 paid holidays per year.
Up to 24 days of vacation annually depending on years of service.
Public Employees Retirement System.
Employee Assistance Program.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR ACCEPTANCE OF AN APPLICATION:
Education and Experience:
A bachelor's degree from a recognized college or university, with a degree in computer information systems, management information systems, computer science, computer engineering, or a related field
AND
Four years of recent, full-time, paid experience in business applications analysis, design and programming for medium or large scale, multi-programmed computers, including two years of experience in database analysis and management. Experience with an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system is desirable. Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis.
For a complete job description including the Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities associated with the position please visit our website.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination process may consist of one or more parts which may include a training and experience evaluation, written test, performance test, and/or oral interview.
HOW TO APPLY
Completed applications must be submitted through our online employment system https://jobapscloud.com/LACCD/sup/BulPreview.asp?R1=22&R2=1041&R3=001. Please see link for more information on the job and the filing deadline.
District Information
The Los Angeles Community College District is the largest community college district in the nation offering educational opportunities to students in more than 40 cities covering an area of 882 square miles serving approximately 9.8 million residents. The LACCD is composed of nine comprehensive colleges and a District Office, which together employ approximately 2,200 classified (non-teaching) employees in 315 job classifications.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $126,611.52 - $156,849.48 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location: One location
