The Director of Data Science plays a leadership role in technology and is responsible for the creation of new data science capabilities for the business by envisioning and executing strategies that will drive direct business value.
This role requires detailed understanding of the role that Data Science can play in the retail business. You will work along-side business, product and engineering leaders to identify the application and deliver of advanced analytic data modeling systems and machine learning to all areas of the business.
The ideal candidate will have a passion for connecting delivery to business value, a strong pedigree in retail application of data science and a knack for illustrating the art of possible when it comes to innovative application of AI & ML.
Strategy & Vision:
Set the mission and vision for the organization and connecting it to overarching business and technology strategies and outcomes.
Partner with Product & Architecture to plan, create and deliver business value through relevant application of Data Science and Machine Learning across all DSG capabilities.
Form and manage strategic partnerships both internal and external to support the business.
Responsible for departmental planning, organizational design and budget.
Set organizational KPI and measures, driving visibility and accountability
Coaching, Support & Enablement:
Plan, assign and supervise the work of others.
Provide oversight, guidance and direction in the career growth of teammates.
Fields questions from other product teams or support teams
Communicate the company’s technology strategy to stakeholders including investors, executives, and team members.
Advocate, evangelize and implement modern data science and engineering practices.
Lead and Grow a team of Data Science Managers and Data Scientists.
Delivery & Execution:
Direct the growth and application of Data Science across all lines of business at DSG.
Foster collaboration between local and abroad development teams to drive consistency across all departments.
Partner with product and business partners to understand the needs of the company and illustrate the art of possible in application of Data Science & Advanced Analytics
Collaborate with the executive team to help translate business requirements into technical needs and actions.
Lead workstreams that require cross-functional squads that include data scientists, data engineers, analysts, and product managers
Learning:
Work across the business to understand and assess development opportunities that align with our vision and deliver value to our customers
Manage vendor relationships with domestic and international suppliers while also holding them accountable to product requirements and quality specifications
Keep abreast of new technologies for the purpose of recommending changes in existing programs or new programs warranted by such developments
Participate in the initial production phases of product/process design and all subsequent inquiries and problems
Qualifications
Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or other quantitative field
10 - 15 Years of experience
Preferably, in Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, and/or Marketing Analytics
Must be proficient in SQL, R, Python, and/or SAS
Retail Data Science Experience Preferred
Kubflow
Experience with Agile Development using Git or similar tools
Experience with Data Engineering Practices
Proven experience delivering on production scale application of Data Science and Machine Learning
MLOps/Model Serving Experence
Understanding of modern microservice-based architectures and methodologies
Tensorflow
Experience with modern compute environments such as K8s, Azure, GCP, loT Edge
Azure Cloud Experience
Databricks / spark experience
#LI-SR1
