
CloudZero makes efficient cloud-driven innovation a reality by putting SaaS companies in control of their cloud costs. By consuming data from multiple providers, CloudZero empowers customers to understand their cloud costs at a granular level, and in so doing, make educated financial decisions around their cloud investments. Our SaaS platform is a dynamic, single page application that can answer the complex, data-heavy questions being asked by every cloud-based organization.Our platform leverages serverless technologies to create a scalable, event-driven architecture. We ingest and normalize millions of events from customer environments in real-time, using tools such as Snowflake, AWS Lambdas and AWS StepFunctions to build a flexible, scalable data model that allows our customers to get unparalleled insights into their cloud cost landscape.Our engineering team values lifelong learning and holding a growth mindset. A core part of our culture is inclusiveness, and we believe great teams are made up of people from diverse backgrounds, and with that in mind, we are a fully remote company with employees all over the US. We are organized into small, tight-knit teams of developers, and using Kanban flow, we collaboratively design, build, validate, ship, and maintain customer-facing features.We are looking for a person to join our core data capabilities team. This team supports, maintains and expands the architecture at the heart of our product, and is deeply focused on the back-end processes and data manipulation. The ideal candidate for this position would be an individual who not only has a passion for building cloud based solutions that are scalable and maintainable, but who also has never met a query they can’t optimize. If you enjoy answering questions no one has asked, yet, and finding creative solutions to complex architectural and data challenges, this might be the position for you.As a part of this team, you will:Design, build and maintain APIs, services, and systems for our main application. Support and maintain the core infrastructure in AWS Support and maintain complex data models and architectures in Snowflake. Build to scale as we bring in users with larger datasets and bigger organizations. Write readable code that is easy to maintain and extend. Collaborate with other engineers on your team to build features that solve real customer problems. Help improve our engineering processes and system to ensure we can move fast and iterate quickly. RequirementsYou have 5+ years of experience building APIs and complex backend systems in the cloud. You have 5+ years of experience managing and manipulating data at scale using SQL syntax and data structures. You have a passion for building and delivering high-quality software. Our backend code is in Python, so comfort with Python is a must. You are comfortable working 9-5 EST - we have a fair amount of flexibility with personal work schedules, but you will be expected to be available during core business hours as necessary. You are passionate about design patterns and pragmatically applying theory into practice when architecting out systems and code. You enjoy working with cross-functional teams, synthesizing feedback and research into a well polished product. **Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the United States. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa at this time.**BenefitsCloudZero offers competitive compensation and benefits, including:Comprehensive Healthcare Coverage Equity Grants Flexible Remote Work Policy and PTO 401(k) Retirement Plan 
