Under the direction of the Manager IT Applications, this position has responsibility for the development, maintenance, integration, data governance and data reporting of Valleywise Health's business systems. This position analyzes existing, and proposed vendor supplied software functionality for conformity with clinical health system and business workflow processes. Serves as a liaison to the clinical and business arenas, and provides subject-matter expertise to translate data into information and actionable knowledge in the daily clinical or business applications practice. Utilizes specialized, proprietary software tool sets to enable reporting functionality; works within project teams to achieve team goals and outcomes; demonstrates the ability to handle multiple priorities and deadlines with independent judgment; provides measurable customer service, and performs duties within Valleywise Health missions and values. Creates and modifies more complex reports; troubleshoots more complex level issues. This position takes on a lead role in mentoring, developing junior analysts and educates others on best practices. In addition, this position aids in the development and maintenance of data governance standards. Based on acquired business and data knowledge, this position is able to assist end users on how to interpret data and results to drive business decisions.
Qualifications:
Epic Cogito strongly preferred
Education:
Requires a Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Systems (IS) or related field; or an equivalent combination of training and progressively responsible experience that will result in the required specialized knowledge and abilities to perform the assigned work in lieu of degree. A Master's degree is preferred and may substitute for up to two (2) years of required experience; and a Doctorate degree may substitute for all required experience.
Experience:
Epic Cogito strongly preferred
Requires five (5) years of progressively responsible development, maintenance, integration, data governance or data reporting related experience with business systems that demonstrates a thorough understanding of the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Experience working with Crystal Reports SQL, and other reporting tools is preferred.
Specialized Training:
None
Certification/Licensure:
If applicable to application(s) assigned to support, certification(s) for the specific business, clinical, or financial application(s)/system(s) is required and must be kept up to date.
Must have a valid fingerprint clearance card issued by the Arizona Department of Public Safety OR submit a completed Affidavit at time of hire. Must complete fingerprint clearance card application within seven (7) days of hire date. Must present actual card within 90 days of applying for fingerprint clearance card.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Must be skilled in Microsoft Office products.
Requires the ability to use complex analytical tools and methods to analyze and streamline business processes.
Must be able to routinely apply working knowledge in multiple relevant disciplines through creative applications to problems/innovation.
Must be able to maintain accountability for the timely resolution of specific issues and problems within a particular area, application, database, technology or system.
Must demonstrate the ability to handle multiple priorities and deadlines with independent judgment.
Must possess good interpersonal and communication skills both verbally and in writing including ability to inform, advise, instruct and persuade.
Requires the ability to collect and analyze complex data; and perform workflow analysis and translate the outcome into definable software functionality.
Requires ability to exercise considerable individual judgment and initiative in conducting the necessary facilitation and resolution of application/system design.
Must be able to develop initiatives in innovative manner for effective resolution.
Must be able to prepare and conduct effective presentations; assess priorities and self-time manage through deliverables; and coordinate activities with diverse groups and individuals.
Requires the ability to read, write and speak effectively in English.



Salary Range: $36.91 - $55.37
Location: Valleywise Health System · Clinical Informatics
Schedule: Regular FT 40 Hours Per Week, Days
