Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Job Category
Data Analytics, Technology
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$100,400.00 - $165,700.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
The Marketing Analytics team analyzes customer and marketing data, designs unbiased test and learns, oversees marketing campaign execution, interprets marketing attribution results, delivers post monitoring on business initiatives, provides analytics support to our marketing partners, and liaisons with the Customer, Operations, Distribution, R&D, Product, and external marketing vendor teams.

At Travelers, our vision is to advance our ability to fuel analytic-driven business decisions by accelerating cross-enterprise collaboration and capabilities. As a Manager, Decision Science, you will combine data expertise, statistical principles, business understanding, relationship building, and communication skills that will help to advance analytical maturity and business outcomes. Through explanatory modeling and analytics as well as experimental design and related inferential techniques, you will surface actionable insights that influence business decisions and strategies. Simply put, you are helping the business understand 'the why' underneath business trends and data.

This position may be based 100% remotely or in one of our offices. #LI-Remote
What Will You Do?
Utilize a deep understanding of the business to procure data for a specific analysis or prototypes for new data asset, while following coding best practices.
Possess a strong command of internal data sources, explore new and unstructured data sources to assess potential business value.
Determine and use appropriate techniques that may include diagnostic analysis, active monitoring and/or multivariate methods designed to answer business questions, test hypotheses, or assess impacts and results.
Explore and suggest new data and analytic tools, techniques and industry best practices to apply to business problems.
Apply appropriate visualization (charts, graphs, maps, etc.) to analytic insights so that they may be delivered to various audiences.
Interpret and communicate findings to key stakeholders. Recommend optimal business action based on balancing business constraints and analytical findings.
Leverage existing organizational partnerships across lines and functional teams to influence analytic outcomes.
Become a mentor or resource for less experienced analytic talent, onboard new employees and interns, and provide support for recruiting and talent assessment efforts."
Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Bachelor’s Degree in a STEM related field, or a Business School Master’s Degree with a concentration in a technical or analytical field.
Four years of related data and analytic experience.
Experience using explanatory, diagnostic, and inferential techniques such as experimental design, hypothesis testing, clustering analysis, time series and other statistical modeling algorithms with the ability to decide the appropriate methodology for the purpose.
Experience working on large-scale multidimensional data using intermediate knowledge of open-source cloud-enabled analytical programming languages.
Manage multiple projects simultaneously and follow through to ensure timely completion.
Ability to foresee challenges and proactively look for ways to create more efficient processes for the business.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain analyses and methodology with business partners.
Proactively build and own professional business relationships across the data & analytics community across the Enterprise.
What is a Must Have?
Bachelor’s degree or three years of experience in data, analytics, engineering, science, technical analytical fields or relevant experience.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an
email
so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit
http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/
.
