
Job Description
We are looking for one permanent and one fixed term (until 30 June 2020) Scientist / Senior Scientist / Principal Scientist who are passionate about fish /fisheries and/or environmental interactions of fisheries to join Fisheries New Zealand within the Fisheries Science Team.
This position will have you offering your opinion and advice on fisheries management issues. You will be an integral part of our Science team by designing and commissioning research projects, evaluating tenders, monitoring research contracts, and reviewing and updating research documents.
Fisheries is an important component of the primary sector and fisheries management functions, including fisheries science, are located within Fisheries New Zealand, inside the Ministry for Primary Industries. Science is an important part of fisheries management and the science team contributes by providing scientific advice on the status of fish stocks and on assessing and mitigating environmental effects of fishing.
The fisheries science team provide advice across a broad range of science areas including: stock assessments, bycatch quantification and mitigation, as well as effects of seafood production on marine populations and communities, with an increasing consideration of ecological links and marine ecosystems.
The Ministry supports flexible working arrangements, however for those new to Fisheries Science in New Zealand, a Wellington location would be a necessity. For applicants already entrenched within the New Zealand fisheries science community we may be willing to discuss other location possibilities. These opportunities are also open to qualified scientists willing to undertake a secondment, or similar arrangement, for a period of at least one year.
Key Skills / Educational Requirements
Appropriate tertiary qualifications (preferably PhD for Principal, MSc for Scientist/Senior)
Knowledge and experience in fisheries biology, preferably quantitative analyses either in the stock assessment or environmental impacts of seafood production areas.
Principal Scientists candidates will have extensive experience of stock assessment or environmental impacts of seafood production together with excellent analytical, written and communication skills.
Key responsibilities include:
Chairing fisheries assessment working group meetings (Principal/Senior Scientist);
Participating in fisheries assessment working group meetings (Scientist / Senior Scientist)
Providing science advice to fishery managers;
Representing New Zealand in domestic and international science meetings of relevance (Principal);
Involvement in developing appropriate fisheries research programmes;
Writing and evaluating tenders for fisheries research projects;
Managing research projects through to completion;
Communication of science to a broad range of stakeholders and iwi partners.
How to Apply
Applicants must be eligible to work in New Zealand. Further information on eligibility for working in New Zealand and obtaining appropriate visas can be found at http://www.immigration.govt.nz/.
 
To view the position description and/or apply for the role (submitting a cover letter and current curriculum vitae), please click “APPLY NOW” in order to be directed to our website.  For tracking and reporting purposes, all applications must be submitted through our online careers portal.
https://careers.mpi.govt.nz/jobs/MPI19-1382823
 
For detailed information on this role please refer to the position description or contact [email protected]
 
Applications close 17 March 2019


 Job Categories: Other. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: environment, Fish, fisheries, and Scientist.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




