Organization Description:

Our Consumer & Community Banking division (CCB) serves our Chase customers through a range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. We're proud to lead the U.S. in credit card sales and deposit growth and have the most-used digital solutions - all while ranking first in customer satisfaction.

Chase and JP Morgan Wealth Management Data & Analytics:

The Chase and JP Morgan Wealth Management Data & Analytics Team unifies data and analytics talent across Chase and JP Morgan Wealth Management to responsibly leverage data to build competitive advantages for our businesses with value and protection for customers. The team encompasses a variety of Data & Analytics disciplines, from data governance and data strategy/partnerships to reporting, data science and machine learning, and are actively engaged in ensuring impact at the front-line and the customer through Sales and Marketing transformation. We have a strong partnership with our dedicated Technology partners, who provide us with our cutting-edge data and analytics infrastructure. Joining Data & Analytics means you sit in the engine that powers Chase and JP Morgan Wealth Management with insights, providing an opportunity to materially impact both our customer and business outcomes. The team also offers significant learning and mobility opportunities for career development and future growth

Job Summary:

We are looking for an engaging leader who is passionate about using data to accelerate product development, drive business growth, and improve the Chase customer experience. A successful Data Owner will be critical to the firm's agenda of enabling the business to drive faster innovation through the strategic use of its data, while simultaneously ensuring that data is of good quality and well-protected. This role is accountable for data in the Digital products that is created, provisioned, or consumed to support strategic business objectives, advanced analytics, business operations, and reporting. The Data Owner serves as a member of the product leadership team, collaborating with the Product Owner, design lead, and technology lead to ensure that the product delivers data in a manner consistent with the quality and safety requirements of the business. The Data Owner also partners with their aligned Data & Analytics lead to drive increased business value through the identification of data required to support advanced analytics outcomes such as customer segmentation, personalization, and insights. Data Owners serve as subject matter experts, coordinating between providers and consumers to ensure business data is understood, fit for purpose, and integrated into analytics platforms. In support of these functions, the Data Owners will also be accountable for identifying and mitigating data risks throughout the data life cycle in compliance with Firmwide policies and standards.

Core Responsibilities
Define and execute a strategy for the development and delivery of product data to support strategic business objectives, business operations, advanced analytics, and metrics and reporting.
Drive a strong understanding of the data and its use within the business and across lines of business and functions, through collaborative partnerships with multiple stakeholders, including Product Owners, analytics leads, and business process owners. Provide subject matter expertise with respect to the content and use of data in the product and associated business area.
Identify and prioritize the scope of critical data within their product, ensuring that the prioritized data is well-documented as to its meaning and purpose, and classified accordingly with metadata to enable its understanding and control
Support the aligned Data & Analytics lead for their product by identifying data required to be integrated into analytics platforms to support projects such as analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Establish expectations for the required accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of data within the product, and coordinate and influence internal and partnered resources to deliver data quality requirements
Prioritize resources to resolve identified data issues in a timely and consistent manner that maintains data consumer trust
Direct the development of processes and procedures to identify, monitor, and mitigate data risks for data in the product, including risks related to data protection, data retention and destruction, data storage, data use, and data quality
Direct the execution of tasks to comply with Firmwide policies, standards, and procedures related to the integrity and protection of data in the product
Develop and maintain deep relationships with product data delivery partners and data consumers, including senior leaders in the Business, Technology, Analytics, Operations, Risk and Control functions across lines of business.
Effectively drive teams toward a robust set of execution milestones. Understand and mitigate risks, bottlenecks, and inefficiencies in the product development lifecycle with respect to data.
Demonstrate governance by ensuring that: (a) workstreams and initiatives are tracked and actively managed, (b) KPI's are agreed, measured and tracked, (c) deliverables are properly prioritized and sequenced, (d) risks are addressed and status measured, and (e) deliveries are successful
Manage direct or matrixed staff to execute specific data-related tasks

Qualifications
10+ years of industry experience in a data-related field.
Experience managing delivery across multiple workstreams with varying timelines, priorities and complexities.
Technical knowledge of data management and governance, big data platforms, or data architecture preferred.
Deep subject matter expertise in business or product data area preferred.
Demonstrated ability to manage tight delivery timelines, and ensure our product and organization is on track to execute and deliver strategic changes that meet our goals.
Proven ability to execute via successful internal partnerships with other organizations - with the ability to influence people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions.
Excellent leadership skills - of product, programs, projects, teams and/or employees.
Structured thinker and effective communicator with excellent written communication skills. Ability to crisply articulate complex technical concepts to senior audiences with poise and confidence.
Understanding of Agile technological development methodology.
Bachelor's degree required, and Master's degree preferred.

CCB Data & Analytics
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.
We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
Base Pay/Salary
New York,NY $175,750.00 - $235,000.00 / year
