The QuoteCenter Data Analytics Manager will be responsible for leading a group of analyst/sr. analysts implementing projects within QuoteCenter's Data Analytics Operations Organization. They will oversee the work of the team including planning, designing, and implementing of new systems or changes in existing systems. The Manager will also oversee the design and development of inventory management metrics and reports to support the business requirements and will play a key role in Business Process Design and Improvement and ensure that they are successfully executed.

Additionally, this role will be responsible for leading key process improvement initiatives and provide data driven insight and resolution recommendations. As the principle driver of their initiatives, this person will work across functional groups and ensure success; drive change management by understanding, communicating, and managing changes associated with system enhancements, implementations and process improvements.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:
40% Leads a group of analyst/sr. analyst as well as cross functional projects. Oversee development of project plans, timelines,and coordination of teams across each operational area. Ensure on time delivery of specific goals and requirements for QuoteCenter's Analytics projects
15% Identifies key projects that are linked to the QuoteCenter's goals and objectives
15% Provide ad-hoc business analysis and reporting as required through supervision of analyst/sr. analyst.
10% Develop Metrics and reporting to support business needs
10% Analyze, identify and implement opportuntites and corporate inititiaves for improvement that have measurable dollar impact each year
10% Provides leadership, guidance and coaching of analyst/sr. analyst
NATURE AND SCOPE:

This position reports to Director, Data Science & Advanced Analytics.
This position has 3-8 direct reports.

Additional Environmental Job Requirements:

Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.
Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Additional Minimum Qualifications:

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
7 years

Certifications & Licenses:

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Additional Qualifications:
Exrience with analytics and business intelligence reporting tools e.g. SQL Server Reporting services, Tableau & Power BI
Thorough knowledge of information systems processes, methodologies, and concepts is required
Excellent written and verbal skills are required; must have strong interpersonal capabilities and the ability to work and partner cross-functionally with other leaders and teams; demonstrated ability to effectively communicate with all levels of leadership
Proven ability to mentor and develop staff through experience and training; accountable for work assignments and progress monitoring, team morale building, hiring, coaching, and performance reviews
Proactive, take-charge leader that assumes responsibility for achieving results; ability to think, work, and contribute beyond defined responsibilities; bandwidth to grow and assume additional responsibilities; well-organized with the capacity to multitask
Bachelor's degree required; advanced degree preferred

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Strong planning & project management skills including multi-tasking, work prioritization, meeting deadlines and operating under pressure
Strong leadership skills and the ability to influence a wide range of people and teams and create movement toward common goals.
Embraces change and adjusts quickly to altering work demands
Strong communication, organizational and problem-solving skills
Build and maintain strong client relationships and provide exceptional customer service
Ability to think strategically and work in fast paced environment
Understanding of overall HD business model and how QuoteCenter and Merchandising fits into the organization.
