
Job Description
The HLabs Data Scientist is responsible for creating value through the collection, organization, mining, modelling and presentation of data. The Data Scientist is expected to execute industry-standard, client-facing insights that allow Heidrick’s consultant teams to better serve their clients.
Ideally, the candidate will have a passion for understanding organizations, leadership, and behavioral psychology. The ability to develop a deep understanding the Heidrick & Struggles business lines and the suite of products and offerings that support them is imperative.
Manage data projects from start to finish, from data gathering, cleansing and organizing, to modelling, optimizing and presenting findings.
Work in response to specific client needs, as well as independently on long-term, enterprise-relevant assignments.
Present findings internally and externally to executive-level stakeholder groups
Prepare presentations for internal and external audiences
Contribute to publishing papers, presenting at conferences, etc.
Consistently generate insight from data and connect findings to their end-use to ensure real-world relevancy and applicability
Work with IT to ensure that data capture, storage, and analytical efforts have the requisite level of support and are accessible to a selective group of end users
Create visually appealing and effective displays of data
Contribute to thought leadership pieces and marketing materials that result from statistical analyses
Contribute to the development of new client-facing products and the continuous optimization of existing tools
Assist in efforts to validate and establish predictive properties for H&S proprietary tools
Manage external vendor relationships
Willing to travel on occasion
Qualifications:
1-3 years of professional analytics/data science experience preferred
Graduate degree in statistics, analytics, informatics, etc., or undergraduate degree plus professional experience is desired
Advanced statistical programming skills (R required; Python is a plus)
Advanced data visualization and presentation skills (Power BI preferred)
Applied statistics skills (regression, distribution, classification, validation, etc.)
Big data/distributed computing platform experience is a plus
How to Apply
Please apply at:
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/cap/view/1118690106/?pathWildcard=1118690106&trk=job_capjs
This job is located in Chicago, IL. No remote option available.


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




