Requires support CFPB’s Data Analytics program and develops algorithms, visualizations, and analytics solutions.
Statistical analysis and model development using programming languages such as Python and R.
Produce accurate reports on financial data including trend analysis, and pattern detection using software such as SQL and Excel.
Write queries as part of data analysis (not including for automation purposes).
Develop code to appropriately query, manipulate, and clean relational data.
Develop creative and accurate visualizations that communicate a story, trend, pattern etc., through collaborations with other team members.
Write queries as part of data processing code that is self- documenting and clean.
Interpret machine learning models.
Independently analyze data, applying and explaining the statistical and mathematical principles used.
Use methods of exploratory data analysis and ability to identify when data is insufficient to reach conclusions.
Work with subject matter or technical experts including attorneys, researchers, and/or economists.
Provide technical expertise for non-technical researchers/subject matter experts, using multiple advanced analytical and statistical techniques such as:
Natural language processing
Time-series modeling
Predictive Modeling
Valuation of options and derivatives
Sampling and sample size calculations
Hypothesis testing
Constructing and validating assessment instruments such as surveys, questionnaires, tests, and scales
De-identification/re-identification standards for datasets, and/or
A/B testing.
Work with Data Architects to create a flexible schema for long term storage of data within the Data Warehouse.
Create flexible parsing capability ensuring persistent parsed data using languages like Python and SQL.
Design and implement flexible evaluation criteria using efficient evaluator code.
Design and develop code using appropriate server environments and source code management like Github.
Design and implement a customizable output and where appropriate use metadata to create layouts.
The Evaluator Tool shall provide anonymized parsing, stripping out PII from final parsed data.
1 year of experience in the following:
Independently using data to answer questions.
Using methods of exploratory data analysis and demonstrating ability to identify when data is insufficient to reach conclusions.
Statistical analysis using programming languages such as Python and R.
Developing analytics solutions that are programmatic.
Choosing appropriate analytical techniques to solve a problem.
Providing technical expertise for non-technical researchers/subject matter experts.
Using advanced statistical or machine learning methods where appropriate.
Experience working with subject matter or technical experts including attorneys, researchers, and/or economists.
Attention to detail.
Experience specific to regulatory analysis.
Software or data engineering experience, including experience using Github, and Git. Interpreting machine learning models.
Model development using programming languages such as Python and R.
Job Types: Contract, Full-time
Pay: $70.00 - $75.00 per hour
Experience level:
7 years
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Washington, DC: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
Informatica: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Data warehouse: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
