
Job Description
Job Title: Movement Building AnalystDepartment: ProgramReports To: Senior Director Research and Evaluation
Context: Provides metrics analysis and measurement of the Program Department’s movement/power building performance against established indicators.  Assists in the development of tools and systems for measurement and analysis.
Scope: The Movement Building Analyst will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data to better inform decision making and effective movement building.  The MB Analyst is responsible for advancing the Program Department’s movement building goals across all relevant Campaigns and capacities (Organizing, On-line, Political, and Federal).  The MB Analyst uses cutting-edge experimental research and analysis to monitor and measure persuasion, voter mobilization, movement/power-building and advocacy efforts.   The MB Analyst collaborates with Director of Research and Analysis and Capacity Directors to measure the progress against set targets, researches and develops tools/systems to support implementation and effectiveness, as well as conducts additional research in support of Program outcomes.  Works in close cooperation with Program staff and volunteers.Job Responsibilities:
Uses data (consumer, voter, census, etc.) to develop models and lists for targeting, persuasion, propensity to take action or support on a variety of issues related to movement/power building within our broader framework of Clean Energy for All
Provides on-going analysis of performance data and translates into user friendly reports and formats for managers, staff and volunteers.
Collaborates with Analyst Team to provide research, analysis and other support for Clean Energy for All Campaigns and field.
Continuously monitors performance (inputs and outputs) and provides recommendations on strategic opportunities/threats with focus on improving performance.
Supports Senior Director Research and Evaluation with development and maintenance of performance tools and Monitoring and Evaluation system, including content specific and technical requirements.
Provides training to Organizing and other Capacity staff on best practices of movement/power building and effective use of data
Performs miscellaneous duties as assigned
Seasonal Activities:
Heavier seasonal workloads may occur as a result of project deadlines, staff absences and vacancies, and during peak activity periods.  Occasional weekend and/or evening work required.Knowledge & Skills:
Four years analytic experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience, working (or volunteering) in organizing or political campaigns or advocacy or political organizations, with deep understanding of statistics and methods of social scientific measurement and causal inference.
Candidate must have experience with social-science experiments, field experiments, relevant statistical and methodological training, be self-motivated, and thrive in a matrixed environment.
Advanced skills in coding, machine learning, data architecture.
Experience with data visualization or dashboarding tools, such as Tableau, GIS, or D3.js
Strong scripting and programming skills (such as Python, C/C++)
Familiarity with advanced techniques for predictive analytics.
Familiarity with academic research on persuasion, voter mobilization, grassroots organizing, and related topics.
Project management experience, especially in the political or nonprofit sector.
Familiarity with statistical software (Stata and/or R); mastery of one or more statistical software programs is particularly desirable.
Detail oriented and highly organized, with the ability to work well under tight deadlines.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and professionalism in dealing with Sierra Club partners.
Ability to work independently and in teams.
Detailed oriented, deadline driven.
Commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.
 
This position is represented by a collective bargaining unit and is subject to the terms and conditions of the contract between Sierra Club and Progressive Workers Union or Sierra Employee Alliance, depending on location.
The Sierra Club offers competitive salary package commensurate with skills and experience plus excellent benefits that include medical, dental, and vision coverage, and a retirement savings 401(k) plan.
This is a category 4 exempt position.
Sierra Club is a 501(c)(4) non-profit organization. Sierra Club employees are not eligible to participate in the Federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) Program.  Sierra Club does not sponsor H1B visas.
The Sierra Club is an equal opportunity employer committed to workforce diversity.
Explore, enjoy and protect the planet.
*If you are applying for more than one position with us, please attach your job-specific cover letters in the ‘Attachments’ section
How to Apply
https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm01/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=SIERRACLUB&cws=39&rid=1261


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time.
 Endless.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




