Reports to: IT Manager, Database Services
Division: IT
Location: RTP, NC
Principal Functions:
Management of large databases on Oracle – including installation, design, configuration, backup & recovery, performance analysis, tuning, capacity planning/forecast and security.
Actively monitor the database environment to ensure optimal performance and to prevent production issues.
Administration of ASM and Grid Infrastructure for RAC, Oracle Restart, Clusterware.
Oracle Exadata deployment, administration experience. Oracle Exadata patching experience is required.
Setup, configuration, troubleshooting Data-Guard Physical/logical and Active Data Guard.
Backup and recovery and migration using RMAN, datapump and export/import.
Proactively monitor and optimize system performance using tuning, optimization, AWR, ASH, and other methods.
On-Call Support on a rotational basis – including Off-Hours and Weekends.
Collaborate with DBAs, Developers, and Architects in troubleshooting database and application errors.
Collaborate with Data Architects on data modeling using tools such as E/R Studio.
Review Oracle SQL query, DDL, DML including stored procedure, packages before deployment.
Provide support for database/application deployments.
Design, automate and document new processes to improve efficiency of Database Services.
Provide training in areas of specialization to other team members.
Must be a team player with excellent collaboration and people skills to be able to engage in productive group discussions.
Excellent verbal and written communication along with the ability to articulate technical solutions for various levels of management and technical staff.
Ability to interface with users at all levels of the organization and good end-user support skills.
Required Skills and Experience:
Oracle DBA with 8+ years’ experience in a mission critical production database environment, including:
Oracle 11g, 12c and 19c, 21c
Oracle Exadata (2+ years)
Strong Unix scripting and automation skills (2 years).
Oracle Application Express (APEX/ORDS) administer, development, maintenance (1 year).
Real Application Cluster (RAC), Grid Infrastructure, Oracle Clusterware. (4+ years)
Oracle Multi-tenant architecture e.g. container and pluggable database. (2+ years)
Oracle Encryption/Key Management using local wallet management or KMS e.g. Oracle Key Vault. (1+Year)
Implementation or deep awareness Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture.
Data Modeling
Oracle 19c Grid (OEM), OMS Administration
Recovery Manager (RMAN) database backup, recovery and cloning.
Dataguard Active/Passive, Physical/Logical.
Performance tuning, troubleshooting including SQL Tuning
Installs, upgrades, patching including Bundle Patches, fleet patching experience.
Preferred Skills and Experience
Familiarity with Toad, DBArtisan and E/R Studio.
Oracle Unified Directory/Centrally Managed Users with Active Directory integration
AWS/RDS
Ansible
Liquibase
JSON, Graph DB
Oracle Database Appliance (ODA) administration.
Experience in Healthcare Industry.
Oracle Certification – OCP (19c), OCA
Labcorp is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer:
As an EOE/AA employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant's race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
For more information about how we collect and store your personal data, please see our Privacy Statement.
