Data Engineer
JOB SUMMARY
We are looking for an accomplished Data Engineer to join our quickly growing Analytics team. The hire will be responsible for expanding and improving our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and MDM for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems, and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data pipelines to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Design, develop, and operate large scale data pipelines to support internal and external consumers
Improve and automate internal processes
Integrate data sources to meet business requirements
Write robust, maintainable, well documented code
QUALIFICATIONS
4+ years professional Data Engineering and Data warehousing experience
Extremely strong implementation experience in
o Python, Spark, Azure Databricks, Delta Lake, and Databricks Data Warehouse.
o SQL development knowledge – Stored procedures, triggers, jobs, indexes, partitioning etc.
o Be able to write/debug complex SQL queries
o Azure Data factory, Azure Synapse Analytics
o ETL/ELT and Data-warehousing techniques and best practices
Experience with MS-SQL server and Databricks Data warehouse.
Experience building, maintaining, and scaling ETL/ELT processes and infrastructure
Knowledge of being able to work with a variety of Ingestion patterns such as API/SQL servers etc.
Experience with cloud infrastructure (Azure strongly preferred)
Knowledge of Master Data Management
Demonstrated ability of building quality metrics into Data pipelines
Implementation experience with various data modelling techniques
Implementation experience working with a BI visualization tool (Sisense is a plus)
Experience with CI/CD tools (Preferred Gitlab, Jenkins)
Pluses for experience with
o UI development frameworks such as java script, Django, REACT etc.
Experience working in a fast-paced product environment, with an attitude of getting the job done with the least amount of tech debt
Prior Financial industry experience a plus.
Be able to navigate ambiguity and pivot based on business priorities with ease.
Strong communication, negotiating and estimating skills.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $94,000.00 - $111,200.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Informatica: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Data warehouse: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
