About AMEX
At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible— and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way.
Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.

At American Express, we provide customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Our customers include our Cardmembers as well as the small businesses, merchants, corporations, and bank partners that are all members of the dynamic American Express network.

As a Data Science colleague, you have the opportunity to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. You’ll be challenged everyday as we work together to create digital products and develop actionable data-driven insights to meet the customers of tomorrow. It is an exciting opportunity for someone who wants to help shape digital experiences for one of the world’s top brands.

Business Unit/Role Specific Info

Where are these roles located within American Express?

Decision Science colleagues will serve as a key member of the Credit and Fraud Risk organization. We seek a thought-leader and a problem-solver who can blend business, technical, and industry best practices when it comes to developing the analyses, models, and algorithms that power our customers’ digital experiences.

This critical team is responsible for managing enterprise risks throughout the customer lifecycle, across our consumer and commercial businesses, and across all our global products. We develop industry-first data capabilities, build profitable decision-making frameworks, create machine learning-powered predictive models, and improve customer servicing strategies.

Decision Science roles in these teams:
Our Decision Science teams use industry leading modeling and AI practices to predict customer behavior. We develop, deploy and validate predictive models and support the use of models in economic logic to enable profitable decisions across credit, fraud, marketing and servicing optimization engines.

What type of work can you expect to do in Decision Science at American Express?
The specific job responsibilities will depend on the team you are selected in for a summer internship role. Broadly the role may entail some of the below listed responsibilities:

Work with massive amounts of digital data (Web, App, API) and sophisticated tools in an industry leading Big Data environment.
Build everything from basic reports to advanced machine learning models and algos to drive improvements to our customer’s online and mobile app experiences.
Develop insights into customer behavior and introduce new approaches to transform complex behavioral data into actionable information
Leverage the power of closed loop through Amex network to make decisions more intelligent and relevant
Innovate with a focus on developing newer and better approaches using big data & machine learning solutions

Skills/Experience
Passion for improving end-to-end customer experience, innovation and customer first thinking
Strong interest in analytics, data mining space and ability to collaborate with technology and product partners
Independent thinker who’s organized, has great attention to detail, and can multi-task
Ability to blend big picture thinking with fine details and manage many stakeholders
Strong analytical, problem-solving/quantitative skills
Willing to take risks, experiment, and share fresh perspectives
Proficient in presentation tools, including Excel and PowerPoint
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to handle large datasets using SAS, SQL, R, Python or another similar programming language
Requirements/Qualifications
Currently enrolled in a full-time PhD degree program in a quantitative field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science
Students must have a graduation date between December 2022 and June 2023
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
For more information, please visit our career website at https://www.americanexpress.com/en-us/careers/

Our team will review completed applications on a rolling basis. We appreciate your patience while we consider your application and will be in contact with you by April 30th.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.
Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
Salary Range: $80,000.00 to $155,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits
The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.
US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.
