At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible — and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way.
When you join Team Amex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we champion your meaningful career journey with programs, benefits, and flexibility to back you personally and professionally. Every colleague share in the company’s success.
Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to our customers, communities, and each other every day. And we’ll do it with integrity and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they truly belong.
Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.

Formulate business problems as technical data / engineering problem while ensuring key business drivers are captured in collaboration with product stakeholders.
Collaborate across a team of engineers, scientist and data engineers to design, develop, test, and deploy machine learning/deep learning models and NLP based features
Responsible for the end-to-end solution, from prototyping the models to offline experimentation to production level code that uses these models.
Work with product engineering to ensure implement-ability of solutions. Deliver prototypes and production code based on need.
Contribute to the product roadmap and planning
Contribute to the improvement of our end-to-end platform, including design, development, implementation, testing and debugging
Experiment with in-house and third party data sets to test hypotheses on relevance and value of data to business problems.
Customize the latest available models in machine learning for various scenarios and integrate them in our product.
Deployment of engineered models as APIs or batch for consumption.
Participate in model review and governance process.
Apply the latest advances in deep learning and machine learning to increase our current models’ performance
Work on cross functional teams and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders
As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology of #TeamAmex.
Work Experience:
4+ years of experience in Data Analytics and Machine Learning Engineering.
Academic
Bachelor degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required. Advanced degree in Statistics, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence is preferred.

Preferred Qualification:
5+ years working experience in machine learning, statistics, or natural language processing (or equivalent research experience) or MS/PhD in Machine Learning or a related technical discipline with 4+ year of work experience.
Involved with research/experimentation activities with research activities as patent filling, community developments, collaboration etc.
Expertise in machine learning spanning supervised and/or unsupervised learning methods and applying ML to real-world problems.
Broad knowledge of ML techniques such as Time Series algorithms, Levenshtein distance fuzzy wuzzy algorithm, Decision Tree Ensembles, Neural Networks, Clustering.
Experience with BERT Transformer model will be plus.
Familiar with Hadoop, Spark, Hive/Pig will be a plus.
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras
Experience using machine learning libraries or platforms, including Tensorflow, Scikit-Learn, or MLFlow for production or commercial products
Experience in Natural Language Processing.
Ability to program in one or more scripting languages such as Python and one or more programming languages such as Java or Scala
Independent, self-driven person with a high sense of accountability
Excellent problem solving and data analysis skills. Effective communication skills, both verbal and written, and a great team player
Proficiency in designing & solving classification/prediction problems
Proficiency in data manipulation using Spark or Python tools such as Pandas, NumPy etc.
Awareness on Docker containerization and managing CI-CD pipeline.
Salary Range: $85,000.00 to $150,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits
The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.
US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.
