About Us:
We're on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us can't build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
We've been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, we're growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. We're passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
About The Role:
You will lead and expand a team of talented data scientists supporting all analysis and experimentation for Notion’s Core Product and Platform teams, the teams that develop and improve the core experience of using Notion and make this experience more extensible by leveraging developers and our core Notion community.
What You'll Achieve:
You will recruit, coach and develop data scientists on your team, and create a healthy environment in your team that embodies Notion's values.
You will build a mature practice of product analysis, and develop a deep understanding across Notion of expressed customer needs and how well we are serving those needs through product user behavior analysis, with a consistent emphasis on maximizing the impact of your team’s work.
You will partner closely with our product and engineering leaders for our Core Product and Platform groups to determine and measure the overall metrics and targets for Notion’s product, track our progress, and incorporate analytical findings into the product roadmap. You will also partner with them to build highly collaborative and effective EPD (Eng, Product, Design & Data) teams.
You will be a key partner with our Head of Data in building our Data Science team, and will be expected to own and drive key initiatives to further build the team, its culture, set standards, and improve processes.
Skills You'll Need to Bring:
Data Science leadership - You’ve built and led data science teams before, ideally at startups during periods of rapid growth, and have a track record of building strong teams and supporting the growth and development of your team members.
Opinionated partnership - You are a strong cross-functional partner, can speak cogently to technical and non-technical leaders, and have a track record of quickly building trust, debating and making progress with your partners.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You understand that Product Data Science is not one-size-fits-all, and the mix of opportunistic analysis, experimentation varies depending on the business and product. You’re able to make effective tradeoffs between certainty and
A credible technical coach for your team who is willing to get your hands dirty - You have expertise in SQL and at least one scripting language (ideally Python or R) and have ideally led teams with a mix of more analytical and statistically oriented data scientists.
Commitment to diversity: You have built and are committed to building diverse and inclusive teams; you value empathetic and direct communication and foster environments that are at once collaborative, empowering, supportive, and challenging—ones where people do their best work.
Nice to Haves:
You have worked at a fast-growing start-up.
You have experience in both B2B and B2C environments.
You have experience evaluating and launching new analytical tools and systems across a fast-growing organization.
You’re an avid Notion user.
We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If you’re excited about a role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If you’re a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
#LI-Onsite
