
Job Description
Data Officers
Science and Fisheries
• Do you enjoy analysing data to inform real-life, real-world decisions?
• Enjoy a competitive salary, generous annual leave, international engagement and
• Be a part of an established global organisation
About us
The Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR) is a 25 Member international Commission that was established by convention in 1982. Due to the ever expanding need to support many programs and initiatives, we are on the search for two Data Officers to join our Fishery Monitoring and Compliance and our Science teams in Hobart.
If you are looking for that next adventure in your career, then look no further!
About you and the role
You’ll be a whiz at data analysis and managing large data sets. You’ll know how to link SQL server databases, pull data from cloud-based storage, manipulate and extract data as required and produce top quality reports. In fact, nothing thrills you more than presenting data-driven information that enables your management team to make well-informed decisions.
You’ll take a lead role in developing and maintaining data at all levels of the organisation and be confident communicating with both internal and external stakeholders. You’re a bit of a stickler for details and will take pride in maintaining quality assurance of the data stored within our databases.
If you fit the bill and you have experience in fisheries management or experience in scientific use of data, then we definitely want to hear from you!
To succeed in this great role, you’ll need:
• A bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline
• Minimum of three years relevant experience in the areas of fishery or scientific data management
• R programming expertise including integration with SQL
• Integrated database management system experience
• Outstanding Microsoft skills
What is on offer
We value our teams and the time and energy they put into making our organisation what it is today. We are offering the opportunity to work in a multi-lateral organisation which delivers real outcomes in the management of 10% of the world’s oceans.
We have many benefits including highly competitive rates of pay, international relocation to Hobart, and generous annual leave – they’re just a few of the benefits that you could experience!
If you’re looking to make your mark in a role where you get to work with people from different cultures and backgrounds and are wanting an adventure, then what are you waiting for?
APPLY NOW!
 
How to Apply
For further information and to apply for this job go to: www.ccamlr.org
Applications close 11 February 2019


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time. Salaries: Less than $100,000.




 Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




