Data Scientist, Systematic Global Macro
Data Scientist, Systematic Global Macro
Please direct all resume submissions to
QuantTalentUS@mlp.com
and reference REQ-16012 in the subject.
Millennium is a top tier global hedge fund with a strong commitment to leveraging market innovations in technology and data to deliver high-quality returns.
A small, collaborative, and entrepreneurial systematic investment team is seeking a strong data scientist. This opportunity provides a dynamic and fast-paced environment with excellent opportunities for career growth.
Job Description
Data Scientist as part of a small, collaborative systematic global macro team based, in New York, with a focus on applying cutting edge statistical and machine learning techniques to short-term strategies in futures, swaps, and FX markets.
Location
New York
Principal Responsibilities
Partner closely with the Senior Portfolio Manager to develop data engineering and prediction tools for systematic trading
Assist in designing, coding, and maintaining tools for the systematic trading infrastructure of the team
Scout, on-board, research, and maintain a diverse set of both traditional and alternative datasets
Build signals from raw data and incorporate into machine learning models to forecast macro assets including futures and FX
Preferred Technical Skills
Expert in Python
Expert knowledge of large-scale data analytics and their applications
Bachelor, Master’s, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related STEM field
Broad understanding of fixed income, swaps, futures and FX
Excellent communication, analytical and quantitative skills
Preferred Experience
3+ years of experience with Python programming
2+ years of experience working with large datasets
Experience with different types of data stores (SQL and no-SQL databases, s3, etc.)
Highly Valued Relevant Experience
Experience working in a systematic trading environment or sell-side equivalent experience
Knowledge of machine learning and statistical techniques and related libraries
Experience with ElasticSearch and other AWS services (RDS, Aurora, S3, EMR, Spark, Airflow, Sagemaker, Kafka, Athena, etc.)
Experience working with web frameworks and visualization tools (such as D3)
Team player, with a strong desire to participate and help others
Strong critical thinking skills and creativity in developing new ideas
Millennium pays a total compensation package which includes a base salary, discretionary performance bonus, and a comprehensive benefits package. The estimated base salary range for this position is $150,000 to $200,000, which is specific to New York and may change in the future. When finalizing an offer, we take into consideration an individual’s experience level and the qualifications they bring to the role to formulate a competitive total compensation package.
Please direct all resume submissions to
QuantTalentUS@mlp.com
and reference REQ-16012 in the subject.
