
Job Description
The Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living
Resources (CCAMLR), an intergovernmental organisation based in
Hobart invites applications for the position of Data Systems Analyst.
This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to CCAMLR’s globally
important work to conserve and sustainably harvest marine living
resources in the Antarctic. The position provides the technical
leadership in the data management lifecycle for CCAMLR core
datasets. The role will ensure that CCAMLR data is findable,
accessible, interoperable and reusable. The position will provide
operational support to the Data Information Systems team in
areas such as software development; curation and provision of
master data; development of core data manipulation routines; and
development of standard data manipulation tools and systems.
This full-time position is offered with an initial three-year contract.
The commencing salary is $80,679 and offers up to 15.8% employer
superannuation contribution, 30 days annual leave and other
benefits. There is no removal assistance available for this position.
Eligibility
Applicants should be a national of a country which is a Member of
CCAMLR and already possess the right to work in Australia. It is
standard CCAMLR recruitment practice to require the successful
candidate to obtain a police and medical clearance prior to taking
up the position.
 
 
How to Apply
To apply
Additional information, including the position description,
selection criteria and application process, is available on the
www.ccamlr.org
The application deadline is close of business 21 January 2019.
Interviews will be held in the week commencing 28 January 2019.
Applications, including cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement
addressing the selection criteria with reference to the position
description key responsibilities and duties and the details of two
professional referees, should be forwarded to:
Dr David Agnew, Executive Secretary, [email protected]
CCAMLR promotes equal opportunity, gender equality, cultural,
linguistic and ethnic diversity in the workplace.


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time. Salaries: Less than $100,000.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




