The Business Analyst is an essential part of our product team by providing functional and systemic analysis to clarify scope. The role is a critical link between end users and our esteemed engineers. This team member brings a curious and empathic mindset to elicit the true requirements from business stakeholders. First and foremost, the Business Analyst is an excellent communicator who writes well, speaks well, and most importantly, listens well. The Business Analyst takes the time to understand why the current situation is ‘as it is’ and positions the team to deliver results. An ideal candidate loves data, isn’t afraid to explore the data model, and run queries to more deeply understand. Data visualization is an important skill that the Business Analyst uses to better understand reality. The role is perfect for somebody with a learning mindset who is open to exploring a variety of technologies related to the supply chain.
REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree with at least 2 years of professional experience in related role.
Experience in an agile environment with an understanding of how each role performs to achieve team goals.
Proactive, persistent, flexible. Operates independently and reacts quickly, with assistance from Product Owner
Acts with empathy and curiosity. Listens and seeks to understand.
Flexible and able to handle a variety of assignments in various stages at the same time.
Strong oral and written communication and interpersonal skills. Enjoys interacting with others.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and proven business acumen.
Business transformation experience, Six Sigma a plus.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $71,967.64 - $84,741.59 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Naperville, IL 60563: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Application Question(s):
What is your compensation requirement?
What is the best email to contact you?
Experience:
Agile: 5 years (Preferred)
Scrum: 5 years (Preferred)
License/Certification:
Certified Scrum Master (Preferred)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Naperville, IL 60563
