Job Description:
The Professional Services department of Schneider Electric Digital Grid division has an outstanding opportunity for a passionate and motivated individual to assume the role of Database Administrator.
The Database Administrator (DBA) will be responsible for installing, creating, managing, maintaining, and tuning GIS databases in support of Schneider Electric’s software development and customer support activities. The underlying RDBMS is Oracle on UNIX and Windows operating systems, and Microsoft SQL Server. Schneider Electric is a business partner of ESRI and makes extensive use of ESRI’s Spatial Database Engine (ArcSDE) in most of its solutions. The DBA will be expected to support SDE installation, configuration, troubleshooting and tuning.

What will you do?
Primary responsibilities include:
Installing, creating and loading of Oracle and SQL Server databases
Managing and maintaining ESRI spatially enabled databases in Schneider Electric’s development, test and QA environments, as well as at remote customer locations.
Database performance evaluation and tuning, backup procedures, and general database assistance to internal and external clients.
Implementation of procedures for ensuring security and integrity of company databases
Implement data models and database designs, data access and table maintenance scripts
Resolve database performance issues, database capacity issues, replication and other distributed data issues.

What qualifications will make you successful?
Bachelor of Science degree in computer science (or other technical field with computer emphasis). Relevant job experience will also be considered in lieu of a degree.
1 - 4 years experience as a DBA in a production environment
Good problem solving skills
Database tuning skills
Ability to work independently
Willingness to travel ~25%
Good communication skills
Experience with ArcSDE and knowledge of SDE versioning concepts is preferred.
Oracle and/or SQL Server certification is preferred.
Knowledge of PostgresSQL and Cloud databases preferred

(External) English Qualifications:
What's in it for me?
USA:Schneider Electric offers an inclusive benefits package to support all of our employees such as;
flexible work arrangements, paid family leave, 401(k) + match, well-being programs, holidays & paid time off, military leave benefits, and more.
Learn more about working with us: http://se.com/us/careers
Who will you report to? Sr. Manager Professional Services - Technical

Let us learn about you! Apply today.

(External) English Company Boiler Plate:
Why us?
Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.

€25.7bn global revenue
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
45% of revenue from IoT
5% of revenue devoted for R&D

You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled

It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct. Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such.
