MS degree in Business, Economics, Statistics, Data Science, Data Mining, or other quantitative field. PhD preferred.
10+ years of experience in Analytics, Data Science Business Intelligence or other quantitative disciplines and a degree in statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.
5+ years of analytical people management experience
Deep experience developing successful data science-based solutions to business problems
Proven track record of solving ambiguous and highly complex data problems.
Proficiency using SQL to query large relational databases and ability to build and maintain processes to extract & integrate data from various sources
Experience with statistical analytics tools such as R, Python, SAS, or STATA
Exceptional critical thinking and attention to detail
Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Must be able to explain technical concepts and analysis implications clearly to a wide and senior audience, and be able to translate business objectives into actionable analysis

Job summary As the Global Head of Data Science for Ads Measurement Products, you will have the opportunity to work with significantly complex and rapidly growing data sets generated by ad exposures, purchase receipts, device interactions and customer behavior, with a charter to transform these signals into intuitive measurements for advertisers to manage their campaigns. You will lead a team of scientists that convert unstructured data (visual, text) into product and retail data, and combine these with ad exposure to infer causality. The data is nuanced across 1P and 3P sources, requiring distinct ingestion and transformation patterns. These problems demand durable Science solutions and supportive infrastructure which this role is responsible for. We are looking for someone to lead and grow a talented team of economists, data scientists, data engineers and research scientists. This candidate will develop people, form strong working partnerships with business and technology leaders, plan and execute analytical roadmaps, formulate analytical strategies for solving business problems, and develop strategies to scale the impact of data through development of self-service tools. You should have superb analytical, technical, business and communication skills to be able to work with business and technology leaders to define and prioritize key business questions, build data acquisition processes, data sets, statistical models and analyses that answer those questions. This role requires an individual with exceptionally strong quantitative modeling skills and experience using statistical methods to produce actionable customer insights. The successful candidate will be a proven data science leader who is comfortable with ambiguity, demonstrates strong attention to detail, and thrives in a fast-paced environment. Key job responsibilities • Leadership and management of a Science team • Partner with senior business and technology leaders to develop science approaches to business problems • Deliver analysis and models to help shape strategy across a wide spectrum of business and technology areas including ad effectiveness, sampling, survey and NLP • Oversee planning and execution of self-service analytics data infrastructure roadmap • Partner with Data Engineering to build requirements for data infrastructure necessary to facilitate efficient experimentation and analysis • Translate scientific outputs into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement A day in the life Your internal stakeholders would include product and engineering teams building measurement solutions for advertisers and customer facing applications. You will develop an inspiring vision for solving some of the most challenging measurement problems facing the Ads industry About the team Measurement Products builds products that help advertisers help measure the effectiveness of their ad campaigns from upper funnel streaming TV ads to display and search ads.
• Experience working with AWS, Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark or other Big Data technologies • Machine learning • Experience with NLP • Experience writing scripts to manipulate data or automate data pipelines using Python, Ruby, Java, or similar. • Advertising industry experience Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Workers in New York City who perform in-person work or interact with the public in the course of business must show proof they have been fully vaccinated against COVID or request and receive approval for a reasonable accommodation, including medical or religious accommodation.
