Posting Information
Department
Renaissance Computing Inst-637100

Career Area
Information Technology

Posting Open Date
11/03/2022

Application Deadline
11/30/2022

Open Until Filled
No

Position Type
Permanent Staff (EHRA NF)

Working Title
Assistant Director of Analytics and Data Science

Appointment Type
EHRA Non-Faculty

Position Number
20013801

Vacancy ID
NF0006413

Full Time/Part Time
Full-Time Permanent

FTE
1

Hours per week
40

Position Location
North Carolina, US

Hiring Range
Dependent on Qualifications and Experience

Proposed Start Date
12/19/2022

Position Information
Primary Purpose of Organizational Unit
Are you ready to go beyond the state of the art?

At the Renaissance Computing Institute (RENCI), we use data, creativity, and inclusive teaming to revitalize how science is done. Fostering data science expertise and creating cyberinfrastructure isn’t just about solving known problems – it’s about expanding human potential by unlocking data.

We need innovators, builders, strategists, technologists, architects, and creative thinkers across all domains to drive this work forward. When you join our team, you’ll:
Spend your time solving the interesting and unique problems of research and development.
Shape your future through experimentation and unfettered access to premier education and research.
Make connections to people and projects that ignite your passion.

We know that diversity of people and ideas is a cornerstone of innovation, and we work to ensure our culture reflects that knowledge. We provide the tools you need to do your job effectively; we offer flexibility so you can be the most productive version of you; and we encourage thoughtful and challenging discourse.

Join our research institute at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill today and help us spark a scientific renaissance across the Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, and beyond.

Position Summary
Renaissance Computing Institute (RENCI) is seeking an Assistant Director of Analytics and Data Science to develop an independent research program in Data Science including artificial intelligence, machine learning, knowledge graphs and other analytical methods. The individual is expected to support and manage biomedical and environmental research projects, aid in management of the Analytics and Data Science team, and mentor, guide and evaluate several direct reports.

The Assistant Director will provide technical leadership, setting the analytical direction of research projects. The Assistant Director will apply their Data Science expertise to help advance RENCI’s research portfolio in Data Science, leading the development and execution of new research projects and proposals, both independently and in collaboration with internal and external partners.
The Assistant Director will develop algorithms and tools involving, but not limited to: image analysis, natural language processing, graph analysis, question answering, and semantic search. Prior experience in one or more of these areas is essential.

The Assistant Director will work with colleagues with expertise in data analytics, advanced computing including cloud computing systems, software engineering and domain expertise in the biomedical and environmental sciences. The Researcher will work in interdisciplinary teams, both within and beyond RENCI, promoting innovation and collaboration.

Responsibilities:

Develop independent research portfolio in area of expertise
Manage research projects, and provide analytical direction
Work with colleagues to develop and apply tools and methods
Collaborate with software engineers and researchers to help design analytical systems to advance scientific discovery
Provide leadership in user engagement and experience
Contribute to interdisciplinary teams
Train data contributors on the application of data standards and relevant tools
Develop proposals and business development efforts

Minimum Education and Experience Requirements
Relevant post-Baccalaureate degree required (or foreign degree equivalent); for candidates demonstrating comparable independent research productivity, will accept a relevant Bachelor’s degree (or foreign degree equivalent) and 3 or more years of relevant experience in substitution. May require terminal degree and licensure.

Required Qualifications, Competencies, and Experience
BS in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Science, Bioinformatics, Biology or other scientific discipline
Technical knowledge of Data Science and Analytics
Experience in Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence domains such as image analysis and natural language processing
Software development skills in a relevant programming language (Python, R, Java, etc)
Experience developing grant proposals

Preferred Qualifications, Competencies, and Experience
MS or PhD in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Science, Bioinformatics, Biology or other scientific discipline
Expertise with Knowledge Graph creation and analysis
Experience with bioinformatics or biomedical data
Experience with semantic web techniques
Experience with CI/CD pipelines

Special Physical/Mental Requirements

Campus Security Authority Responsibilities
Not Applicable.
