
Job Description
Who we are: 
A global, independent think tank on the integration of long-term and climate-related objectives and risks into financial market metrics, processes and regulation.
Since its set up in 2012 with the mission to align financial markets with climate goals, the 2° Investing Initiative (2°ii) has become a pioneering think tank on the integration of long-term risks and policy objectives into financial markets and regulatory frameworks. Over the past years, 2°ii has led one of the largest global research programmes on long-term risks in financial markets, working with over 50 research partners. It developed the first scenario analysis tool linking financial portfolios to international climate goal which was applied by >1,500 financial institutions by now. A core principle of its mission is to reduce transaction costs across companies, financial institutions and policymakers, while guiding financial markets towards the long-term future.
Current research includes market outlook reports, physical risk incorporation and enhancement of existing, analytical methods. 2°ii combines business intelligence databases from several climate-relevant sectors with financial datasets and climate scenarios as well as with other relevant third-party datasets to assess climate risks such as physical risk maps, etc. This database is used to assess the exposure of stocks, bonds and other financial instruments to energy-related technologies, as well as to build a sustainability-ready, open-source robo-adviser.
2°ii has a multi-stakeholder and independent governance framework designed to ensure the intellectual integrity of its work and its independence. More information can be found at www.2degrees-investing.org
 
What we are looking for:                                     
A Data Engineer, BI or database developer who is passionate about having a meaningful, global impact
Experience in data integration, cleaning, validation and analysis
Strong SQL skills, proficiency with R and Git
DevOps, System or Database Administration experience
History of working with Docker and Azure, or familiar services
A pro-active problem-solver with strong analytical skills and a good sense for code and data quality
Further technical expertise, such as web development or data visualisation is very welcome
Expertise in finance is a big plus
Fluent English
 
What you will be doing:                                        
Design and implement systems to make our data analysis reliable, transparent and reproducible
Maintain, extend and improve our existing data infrastructure and related services
Support and train colleagues for continuous improvement of skills
Handle technical communication with stakeholders and external partners
Evaluate and develop technical solutions for new projects and use cases
 
What we offer: 
A meaningful impact on one of the planet’s most pressing issues
Engaging working environment in a young, international and rapidly expanding team and the chance to work at a cutting-edge think tank
Flexible working hours
Chance to take on responsibility and shape a project from your first day onwards
Opportunity for significant career development
A competitive salary
How to Apply
Interested in changing finance to fight climate change? 
Please send your CV and cover letter in English indicating your earliest possible start date to: [email protected]
 
We are committed to building a diverse team and encourage applications from female and minority candidates.


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




