The Business Intelligence (BI) Developer will support enterprise Business Intelligence in the deployment of cross-functional, enterprise-wide BI solutions. The BI Developer performs requirements analysis, designs, develops, deploys, supports and maintains reporting and analytical or business intelligence applications using a variety of data sources to support enterprise objectives. Responsible for collaborating with team members to develop and design BI reports and analytics initiatives for end users at Casa Systems.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, develop and maintain reports, dashboards, scorecards, data exploration and visual analytics.
Automate and optimize reporting of strategic business processes and performance; and make recommendations for new metrics/analysis.
Collaborate with cross-functional team members to understand business requirements.
Enable effective decision making by identifying, retrieving, and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable structure and format using Microsoft PowerBI and/or other tools, as appropriate.
Create dashboards understandable by all levels of organization.
Analyze data to determine trends, exceptions, and proactive alerts.
Maintain a central repository of key reports across the company.
Handle reoccurring analysis and tasks aimed at driving continuous cost savings initiatives and business optimization.
Contribute to data reporting operational best practices to allow tools and techniques to scale
Diagnose and support Power BI reporting solutions, including investigation of data issues, data validation, scalability, balancing and row level security implementation
Collaborate with IT professionals to implement effective systems.
Identify and provide input to new technology opportunities, including regular Microsoft PBI releases, that will have a positive impact on improving the BI visualization portfolio
Perform other duties, as required.

REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Business or quantitative field such as mathematics, industrial engineering, statistics, information systems, operations research and/or equivalent work experience in a related field required.
5+ years experience in statistics, analytics, and/or business intelligence.
5+ years of working experience in delivering Power BI Solutions
Expert knowledge of Power BI DAX is a must.
Proficiency in writing complex queries to extract and analyze large volumes of data sets using SQL, Excel, Power BI DAX, Tableau and other analysis tools.
Experience connecting Power BI with multiple data sources.
Proven ability to successfully execute implementation of multiple projects at a time and manage priorities.
A fundamental understanding of supply chain, logistics concepts, business operations and familiarity with data warehousing and architecture concept/tools is a plus.
Experience working directly with business stakeholders to translate between data and business needs.
Quantitative and analytical skills: Must be highly numerate and possess the ability to perform statistical analysis on large data set, to provide analytical support for projects, new businesses opportunities, and proposals.
Problem solving skills: Must be naturally curious with proven ability to identify and resolve problems. Able to break down complex problems into smaller deliverables that add value.
Critical thinking skills: Must possess an affinity for data and resourcefulness in obtaining data and must be able to relate with abstract to make decisions in situations where complete information is not available.
Strategic and analytical thinker: Must be able to make decisions with a long-term focus in a results-oriented environment.
Organizational skills: Must be able to effectively prioritize assignments, manage workload, as well as manage multiple concurrent projects in a fast-paced environment.
Team player: Demonstrated ability to work effectively cross-functionally with IT, Sales Ops, Logistics, Finance, data subject matter experts, third party providers, and other analysts to mine the right data sources efficiently and accurately.
Requires occasionally working with cross-functional teams, so it is essential that they possess the ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Communication skills: Requires strong written and oral communication abilities to perform their job duties successfully, especially producing monthly reports.
Able to live Casa’s core values: fun work environment, innovation & risk taking; passion, dedication & perseverance; and honesty & loyalty.
#LI-EB1

Required Skills

Required Experience
