Clari takes pride in being the leader in Revenue Collaboration & Governance (RevCG) and providing the first platform to stop revenue leak and achieve revenue precision. With Clari’s Revenue Platform, all revenue-critical employees now have an enterprise system to run revenue. Forecasting, pipeline management, conversation intelligence, deal execution, coaching, and buyer collaboration (to name a few) are a maze of challenges made simple with Clari. Thousands of teams at leading companies worldwide, including Okta, Adobe, Workday, and Zoom use Clari to drive revenue accuracy and precision.

Clari's revenue operations platform enables experiences that are mission-critical for our users. It connects to our customer's most important business systems integrating data that we use to power our applications, analytics, data science, and APIs. We are building a platform of the future that lives and breathes data and intelligence which is instrumental in supporting our continued journey of explosive growth.

We are looking for a product manager who is passionate about data and machine learning to drive intelligence capabilities throughout our stack. In this role, you will have the opportunity to expand Clari’s data science capabilities and embed them throughout our platform.

This is a fully remote opportunity and can be worked from any location in the United States.
Responsibilities
Drive the vision and roadmap for data science in the Clari platform
Partner with engineering on approaches to leverage machine learning
Partner with product managers to maximize the impact of intelligence throughout our targeted revenue process applications
Develop tight working relationships with customers, partners, and internal stakeholders, ensuring that we’re solving our users’ and customers’ most pressing problems
Collaborate with Product Marketing, Growth, and GTM teams to shape and execute go-to-market strategies
Ensure that our data science solutions are built for trust, scale, extensibility, and reliability
Leverage data from multiple sources to inform product decisions and drive customer adoption
Set targets for product adoption & impact, and work with success teams to ensure our product goals are met
Qualifications
4+ years of SaaS product management experience, from inception to delivery
2+ years of data science/machine learning experience (e.g. time series analysis, HMM, Deep Learning for classification, and NLP)
Experience managing complex stakeholder relationships, including engaging with users, customers, partners, and industry analysts
Working familiarity with databases, data management, and modern API-based software architectures
Working familiarity with modern ML development stack, open-source libraries, and hosted ML services (e.g. Tensorflow, PyTorch, NumPy, AWS Sagemaker, DataRobot, etc.)
Experience delivering systems optimized for scalability and extensibility
Strong written and verbal communication skills with a forte for breaking down complex technical problems
Outstanding presentation skills with the ability to communicate business and technical topics and adjust to diverse audiences
Work-Life and Benefits @ Clari
Remote-first with opportunities to work and celebrate in person
Medical, dental, vision, short & long-term disability, Life insurance, and EAP
Mental health support provided by Modern Health
Pre-IPO stock options
Wellbeing and professional development funds
Retirement 401(k) plan
100% paid parental leave, plus fertility and family planning support provided by Maven
Discretionary paid time off, monthly ‘take a break’ days, and Focus Fridays
Focus on culture: Charitable giving match, plus in-person and virtual events
#BI-Remote #LI-Remote

You’ll often hear our CEO talk about being remarkable. To Clari, remarkable means many things. We believe in providing interesting and meaningful work in a nurturing and inclusive environment. One that is free from discrimination for everyone without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status. Efforts have to be recognized. Voices have to be heard. And work-life balance has to be baked into the very fiber of the company. We are honored to be recognized by Inc. Magazine and Bay Area News Group as a best place to work for several years running. We’d love to have you join us on our journey to remarkable!

If you feel you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above, we want you to apply! Clari believes in hiring people, not just skills. If you are passionate about learning and excited about what we are doing, then we want to hear from you.

Clari focuses on culture add, not culture fit. One of our values is One with Customers, and we know we can serve them better when we involve as many different perspectives as possible. Our team is made stronger by what makes you unique, so we hope you’ll bring your whole self to the job.
