Faculty
Description

University of Colorado | CU Denver
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences
Director, Data Science Program
Position #00702248 – Requisition #27427

Applications are accepted electronically ONLY at www.cu.edu/cu-careers
The University of Colorado has a requirement for COVID-19 vaccinations and full completion thereof by 9/1/21 or upon start date. Information regarding this requirement, and exemptions can be found at:

Exemptions vary by campus location/department.
Campus/Unit-Specific Exemptions:
Anschutz Campus – Accommodations may be granted for medical or religious reasons.
Denver Campus - Exemptions are allowed for medical, religious, or personal reasons.
Consolidated/Central Services Administration – Accommodations may be granted for medical or religious reasons.
The University of Colorado Denver seeks individuals with demonstrated commitment to creating an inclusive learning and working environment. We value the ability to engage effectively with students, faculty and staff of diverse backgrounds.
The University of Colorado Denver is the state’s premier public urban research university and equity-serving institution. Globally connected and locally invested, CU Denver partners with future-focused learners and communities to design accessible, relevant, transformative educational experiences for every stage of life and career. Across eight schools and colleges in the heart of downtown Denver, our leading faculty inspires and works alongside students to solve complex challenges through boundary-breaking innovation and impactful research and creative work. As part of the state’s largest university system, CU Denver is a major contributor to the Colorado economy, with 2,000 employees and annual economic impact of more than $800 million. For more information, visit www.ucdenver.edu
Description:
The Director of the Data Science Program will oversee and administer the new BS in Data Science, which is an interdisciplinary degree among the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, the College of Engineering, Design, and Computing, and the Business School. The College of Liberal Arts and Sciences serves as the academic home of the degree. This position is responsible for the overall leadership of this program, building it to a visible and sustainable differentiator for CU Denver. Responsibilities include building collaboration among faculty in the three schools/colleges, developing curriculum, advising students, and establishing connections with relevant communities. The Director of the Data Science Program will report to the Dean of CLAS and will receive one course release per academic year. The position has an initial three-year term with possibility of renewal.
The specific duties include but are not limited to:
Advise students in best pathway through the interdisciplinary curriculum depending on student interest
Lead collaborations with University Communications and communication directors within the CLAS, CEDC, and BUSN to market the program
Participate in recruiting events when appropriate
Refine the undergraduate curriculum and work with all stakeholders to develop a new MS in Data Science
Coordinate course offerings among the 3 schools/colleges to avoid conflicts and assure classes are scheduled as needed
Create degree audits and certify graduation for the students in partnership with CLAS Advising
Ensure that advising staff in CEDC and BUS are fully informed about degree requirements for the program
Assist with future faculty searches in Data Science in CLAS, CEDC, and BUSN
Explore accreditation, including ABET if applicable
Participate in the internal Data Science Academic Steering Committee as member ex oficio
Cultivate connections with industry and community partners
Manage the external Data Science Advisory Board
Salary and Benefits:
The Director of the Data Science Program is a secondary faculty appointment and is paid one month’s summer effort and a 10% academic year stipend based on a faculty member’s academic year salary. The academic year stipend will typically be equivalent to a salary range of $5,019 - $17,353 per academic year. The level of compensation reflects the additional work necessary to initiate a program as well as coordinate activities among three schools and colleges.
The salary of the finalist(s) selected for this role will be set based on a variety of factors, including but not limited to, internal equity, experience, education, specialty and training.
The above salary range (or hiring range) represents the University’s good faith and reasonable estimate of the range of possible compensation at the time of posting.
Your total compensation goes beyond the number on your paycheck. The University of Colorado provides generous leave, health plans and retirement contributions that add to your bottom line.
Benefits:
Total Compensation Calculator:
Diversity and Equity:
The University will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities throughout the employment application process. To request an accommodation pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, please contact the Human Resources ADA Coordinator at hr.adacoordinator@ucdenver.edu.
The University of Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus is committed to recruiting and supporting a diverse student body, faculty and administrative staff. The university strives to promote a culture of inclusiveness, respect, communication and understanding. We encourage applications from women, ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities, persons within the LGBTQ+ community, and all veterans. The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment.
The University of Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus is dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure environment for our faculty, staff, students and visitors. To assist in achieving that goal, we conduct background investigations for all prospective employees.
*This position is open only to current full-time faculty in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences*

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications
Applicants must meet minimum qualifications at the time of hire.
Candidates must be a full-time faculty member in the University of Colorado Denver College of Liberal Arts and Sciences and have experience in Data Science in their teaching and/or research.

Special Instructions to Applicants : Application Deadline: Applications will be accepted until October 14, 2022. Questions should be directed to Dr. Laura Argys (Laura.Argys@ucdenver.edu) Applications are accepted electronically ONLY at www.cu.edu/cu-careers. Refer to requisition number: 27427

Application Materials Required : Cover Letter, Resume/CV, List of References
Application Materials Instructions : Required Application Materials: To apply, please visit:
Job Category : Faculty
Primary Location : Denver
Department : U0001 - DENVER & ANSCHUTZ MED CAMPUS - 30087 - CLAS-LIBERAL ARTS & SCIENCES
Schedule : Part-time
Posting Date : Sep 16, 2022
Unposting Date : Ongoing
Posting Contact Name : Laura Argys
Posting Contact Email : laura.argys@ucdenver.edu
Position Number : 00702248
