Summary: Provides strategic direction and programmatic implementation for projects focused on data modernization and public health informatics. The Director will work with cross-sector teams, stakeholders, and public health partners to support a modernized and sustainable public health data infrastructure, through the direction and execution of federal and privately funded projects. This position will work with and report to the Sr. Director, Public Health Data Modernization & Informatics.
Location: Remote
Anticipated salary: $90,000 Extended experience: up to $107,000 if experience exceeds expectations
Principal Functions:
Supervise staff and project contractors to execute workplan activities and disseminate project findings.
Manage project deliverables including planning and implementing virtual learning sessions, in-person/virtual meetings, federal partner workgroups, and partner calls.
Develop and implement project outcome and process evaluation activities, including measuring progress toward project objectives, goals, and intended outcomes.
Develop and lead dissemination of project findings through written deliverables (fact sheets, issue briefs, progress reports), social media communication (podcasts, twitter chats, social media campaigns), and presentations for internal (ASTHO members and Executive Leadership) and external (partner and conferences) audiences.
Provide capacity building to state and territorial health agency leadership and staff by responding to technical assistance requests and translating public health policy, legislation, and evidence-based research into recommendations for best-practice.
Identify opportunities for collaboration both internally across ASTHO teams, and externally by representing ASTHO at national/federal meetings, workgroups, and committees.
Provides technical and capacity-building assistance to states and territories, develops and disseminates tools and resources; and facilitates information exchange, peer engagement, and learning in collaboration with partners.
Establishes and maintains partnerships associated with external agencies such as National Association of County and City Health Officials (NACCHO), Center for Disease Control (CDC), the Association of Public Health Laboratories (APHL), and the Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists (CSTE.).
Uses skills, experiences, and content knowledge to develop, plan, implement, monitor, evaluate, and promote programmatic work and ensures completion of program deliverables.
Supports the development of programmatic reports by developing content, analyzing data, and synthesizing project activities.
Contributes to long-term project and strategic planning within the program and the organization.
Contributes to the identification of and application for additional funding to support area of work.
Develops and manages budgets for relevant contracts or work plans.
Maintains situational awareness of research, policies, and practices relevant to public health and healthcare systems, health information technology, and surveillance.
Collaborates with other staff, ASTHO members, and external partners in developing internal and external publications, including peer-reviewed journal articles, educational materials and other public health tools, project summaries, and research briefs.
Assists in planning the Public Health Informatics conferences, summits, webinars, meetings, and information gatherings hosted by ASTHO or in collaboration with others.
Develops presentations, scientific posters, and exhibits to share and promote project findings at professional and public meetings and conferences.
Serves as a liaison to ASTHO members and partners and communicates regularly with these groups regarding funding opportunities, conferences and trainings, and other information related to public health and healthcare systems, health information technology, and surveillance.
Represents ASTHO at external meetings and conferences as appropriate.
Engages with staff, members, and partners to coordinate shared or overlapping priorities and efforts.
Provides analysis of draft and final federal health information technology regulations/policies for their relevance to organizational goals and member interests; develops comments on behalf of our members.
Develops content and key messages, issue briefs, one-pagers, or other background materials for policy relevant reports and presentations.
Establishes contracts with state health departments, consultants, and vendors in collaboration with ASTHO's Grants and Contracts team.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
MPH or related degree (i.e., Master of Public Health Informatics) or Master’s degree in data science; public health, medical, health care (or similar) informatics; computer science; epidemiology; biostatistics; information technology.
5+ years relevant work experience in public health informatics
Proficient and knowledgeable in the field of public health data modernization and informatics
Familiarity with interoperability standards, including HL7, FHIR, USCDI+, and others.
State/local public health or national association experience. Awareness of public health policy or program implementation from a state perspective desirable.
Knowledge and technical expertise related to public health and healthcare systems, health information technology, and surveillance.
Grant/Cooperative Agreement management proficiency.
Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
Management/supervisory experience.
Ability to manage large projects including measures of success, forecasting, and evaluation.
Excellent organization and time management skills required, including ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects concurrently.
Ability to grasp systems and systems changes at state, local, or federal levels.
About Us: ASTHO is the national nonprofit organization representing the public health agencies of the United States, the U.S. territories and Freely Associated States, and the District of Columbia, as well as the more than 100,000 public health professionals these agencies employ. ASTHO members, the chief health officials of these jurisdictions, are dedicated to formulating and influencing sound public health policy and to ensuring excellence in public health practice. ASTHO is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia with a regional office in Atlanta, GA. ASTHO was incorporated on March 23, 1942 with the goal of helping health officials navigate a rapidly changing public health landscape and remains a strong voice in governmental public health.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: ASTHO is an all-encompassing diverse and inclusive organization that respects and celebrates every person’s strengths, assets, and values, eliminating inequities and biases in all facets of activities and operations. ASTHO is committed to leading organizational change efforts that support racial healing, racial justice, and transformation within state and territorial public health agencies.
Mandatory Vaccination Policy: As a Public Health organization, ASTHO accepts the responsibility to follow CDC guidelines and advisories relating to the health of all. ASTHO has adopted a mandatory vaccination policy applicable to all ASTHO employees to safeguard the health of our employees from the hazard of COVID-19.
