What Y ou’ll D o
As a Business Analyst New Graduate for Cisco you will develop creative solutions for real business challenges. You will collaborate on multi-functional projects to identify areas for improvement. You will analyze internal processes, data, and problems and identify benefits from enabling new capabilities within the business. Ultimately you will improve how Cisco operates and how we work together.


Who Y ou'll W ork W ith
Let's change the world together. You will find a diverse group of people taking on business issues. We work with multi-functional teams to facilitate new business models and process improvements. You'll learn from industry professionals and we will value your ideas and perspective.


Who Y ou A re

Including but not limited to a graduate/upcoming graduate of a certification program from a Boot Camp, Apprenticeship, Community College or 4-Year University.
You have excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills
You possess a high level of customer focus and service excellence as you seek practical solutions
You have strong collaboration skills with internal/external customers and multi-functional teams
You have superb communication skills, a “can do” attitude and are able to collaborate with others in a global environment
You possess effective time-management skills and the ability to prioritize work assignments
Process oriented with drive to simplify/improve process

Why Cisco

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference powering an inclusive future for all.
We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (36 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!
But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, bold steps, and take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a dedication to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!

Cisco COVID-19 Vaccination Requirements
The health and safety of Cisco's employees, customers, and partners is a top priority. Our goal is to protect and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 infection for strong business resiliency during the pandemic. Therefore, Cisco may require new hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 if the role requires business-related travel, meeting with customers/partners (including visiting third-party sites on behalf of Cisco), attending trade events, and Cisco office entry, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law, and in countries where COVID-19 vaccination is legally required. The company will consider legally required accommodations/exceptions for medical, religious, and other reasons as per the requirements of the role and in accordance with applicable law. Additional information will be provided to candidates about the requirements and accommodation process at the offer time based on region.
