Plan your career in IT as a Business Analyst:
New training batch for Business Analyst in different domains. (Insurance, Banking and finance )
Training provided by Remote full-time trainer with good working professional experience as a Business Analyst.
Precision Technologies Corp. (PTC) is a leading E-Verified IT staffing and Solutions Company located in New Jersey, USA. Leveraging on years of staffing and consulting experience, Company has pioneered in the field of IT and outsourcing services. With a wide range of project execution models and costing models, our solutions are very client-centric, cost-effective and process driven quality solutions. Our clients are amongst the listed Fortune 500 companies such as AT&T, Symantec, United Health Care, Cognizant, Wall-Mart, Accenture, BCBS, IBM, HCL America, American Express, American Airlines, State of TX, FRB, SAE International, Citi Group, AAA insurance, Hartford Insurance, Quilogy, Capital One group, Sprint, Cingular, Verizon, Bank of America, JPMC, Nation Wide, Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, Wells Fargo, Bell south, to mention few.
Benefits Include
Fulltime mentors/trainers available to train the employees.
Full time in house attorney available for legal formalities.
H1B Sponsorship.
Company is E-verified to get an OPT STEM Extension.
Medical Insurance
One time travel expenses paid (discuss with me for further details).
401K Plan.
Strong and motivated marketing team to place an employee on the project.
We also offer interactive employee referral bonus. 500$
Sure shot guaranteed placement.
Best in class featured training faculty with real time experience of over a decade
Type
Job Title : Business Analyst
Job type : Contract W2
Contact Mr Omer : 732 658 0352
Eligibility Criteria:
Minimum 0-2 yrs. experience with Bachelor's/Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent with valid status. Recent graduates with no experience are also welcome to apply for the above positions. Should have understanding of programming or database concepts should have knowledge of any programming language or databases. Willing to relocate nationwide in the US for projects,we do both Inclass and Online training, Inclass training sessions held at NJ location
Eligibility for training: Citizens / GC / CPT / OPT / H4 EAD / L2 EAD / J2 EAD
Contact : 732 658 0352
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $38.00 - $45.00 per hour
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $38.00 - $45.00 per hour
Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
No nights
Experience:
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: One location
