
Job Description
Who we are: 
 A global, independent think tank on the integration of long-term and climate-related objectives and risks into financial market metrics, processes and regulation.
Since it was set up in 2012 with the mission to align financial markets with climate goals, the 2° Investing Initiative (2°ii) has become a pioneering think tank – with offices in Berlin, Paris, London and New York – on the integration of long-term risks and policy objectives into financial markets and regulatory frameworks. 2°ii developed the first scenario analysis tool linking financial portfolios to public policy objectives – specifically the 2°C climate goal – which is now applied to over $10 trillion assets under management across more than 1,000 financial institutions, as well as a number of financial supervisors. 2°ii co-designed the first climate-related financial regulation in the world (Art. 173 of the French Energy Transition Law).  A core principle of its mission is to reduce the transaction costs across companies, financial institutions and policymakers, while guiding financial markets towards the long-term future.
Current research includes development of climate alignment tools for banks, market outlook reports and enhancement of existing, analytical methods as well as a sustainability-ready, open-source robo-adviser. 2°ii has a multi-stakeholder and independent governance framework designed to ensure the intellectual integrity of its work and its independence. More information can be found at www.2degrees-investing.org
What we are looking for:                                                 
A R Coder/Software Developer who is passionate about having a meaningful, global impact
Genuine interest to improve our code/software infrastructure and related services
Experience in library creation including application of continuous integration services to ensure code quality
Strong R skills (3+ years’ experience in software development with R in a working context), proficiency with git
A pro-active problem-solver with strong analytical skills and a good sense for code quality
Further technical expertise, such as web development, data visualisation, GUI development (e.g. with RShiny) as well as experience with SQL and Docker is very welcome
Expertise in finance is a plus
Fluent English
What we offer: 
A meaningful impact on one of the planet’s most pressing issues
Engaging working environment in a young, international and rapidly expanding team and the chance to work at a cutting-edge think tank
Flexible working hours
Chance to take on responsibility and shape a project from your first day onwards
Opportunity for significant career development
A competitive salary
How to Apply
Interested in changing finance to fight climate change? 
Please send your CV and cover letter in English indicating your earliest possible start date to: [email protected]
 
We are committed to building a diverse team and encourage applications from female and minority candidates.


 Job Categories: R Developer. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




