Position Details
Position Information
Requisition Number
S2171P

Home Org Name
Office of Information Technology

Division Name
Chief InfoOffice and InfoTechnology

Position Title
IT Database Administrator / Senior Administrator

Job Class Code
MA33/MA34

Appointment Status
Full-time

Part-time FTE

Limited Term
No

Limited Term Length

Job Summary
The central Office of Information Technology at Auburn University is seeking applicants for a Database Administrator. The position will serve as the database administrator for Ellucian Banner administration, as well as administration of associated applications. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, Oracle database, SQL Server, Snowflake, and application server administration, including backup, recovery, installation, and maintenance of database software, supporting associated applications. Applicant must be able to perform intermediate Linux skills preferably on Redhat.

The ideal candidate applies systems thinking, possesses superior interpersonal and communication skills, is self-motivated, and is a life-long learner.

Working onsite is a requirement of the job. May work up to 2 days hybrid remote in local area with supervisor’s approval.

7 Reasons You’ll Love Being an IT Database Administrator at AUBURN :
Work/life balance is a priority! No travel is required.
Careers in Higher Education are reliably stable.
Competitive retirement plan and benefits.
Generous leave (including two weeks off during the holidays!)
Paid parental leave.
Tuition assistance for yourself and dependents.
Being a part of the life-changing work and research our students, faculty, and staff perform.

Auburn was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the state of Alabama’s best employers, with employees staying an average of ten years! Learn more about Auburn’s impact, generous employee benefits, and thriving community by visiting aub.ie/working-for-auburn.
It’s a Lifestyle: The Auburn/Opelika area is a page right out of Southern Living magazine with an idyllic small-town feel, perfecting a unique balance between a close-knit community and driving consistent growth and development. Paralleling the exponential growth of Auburn University, the Auburn/Opelika area boasts services and amenities that cater to any interest. We’re proud of our top school systems, city services, award-winning restaurants, and the infectious spirit of life in a college town. You can find us nestled halfway between the beach and the mountains in a lower-cost-of-living area, two hours outside of Atlanta or Birmingham. If you’re new to Auburn, we’d love to introduce you. If you’re already acquainted with Auburn, we’ll keep it simple: it’s time to come home!
Our Commitment: Auburn University is committed to a diverse and inclusive campus environment. Visit auburn.edu/inclusion to learn more about our commitment to expanding equity and inclusion for all.

Essential Functions
Administer databases through the pre-established security request/approval framework. Perform code migrations via approved migration process. Review application developer code when migration issues occur, looking for errant code or variations from established Auburn conventions.

Perform complex scripting and analysis and troubleshooting on existing script. Write scripts that automate simple server and database operations and documents script operations. Use pre-written vendor instructions to accomplish technical objectives and customize instruction for university specific environments.

Install, configure, monitor, and maintain production and non-production databases. Perform all standard database maintenance tasks without guidance.

Monitor and respond to database incidents including, but not limited to, backup, recovery, tablespace allocation, performance, security access constraints, account operations, nightly job processing, and physical hardware issues rarely.

Minimum Education and Experience
Education Level
High school diploma or equivalent for entry level

Field of Study

Years of Experience

Area of Experience

Requirements for Additional Job Levels
The position is posted at two Database Administrator levels:
Database Administrator
High school diploma and 12 years of relevant experience OR
Associate’s degree and 8 years of relevant experience OR
Bachelor’s degree and 4 years of relevant experience.
Typical salaries are between $68,200 – $81,100
Senior Database Administrator
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution and 8 years of relevant DBA experience.
Typical salaries are from $75,867 to $91,833

Relevant IT experience with relational database management systems or database deployment. Experience with Oracle Enterprise Management and SQL Development, preferably in a university setting.

Alternate Minimum Education and Experience (If available)
Education Level

Field of Study

Years of Experience

Area of Experience

Requirements for Additional Job Levels

Minimum Skills, License, and Certifications
Minimum Skills and Abilities
Detailed understanding of server infrastructure and operating systems including Windows and Linux, including the ability to navigate and operate in a command line only environment.
Understanding of networking, firewalls, and load-balancing.
Knowledge of database queries, theory, design.
Knowledge of structured query language (SQL), such as Transact-SQL or SQL/PSM.
Proficient in operating systems (e.g., Windows or Linux).
Excellent communications skills both written and verbal.

Minimum Technology Skills

Minimum License and Certifications

Desired Qualifications
Desired Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, Software Engineering, MIS, or related field. Master’s degree is IT or related preferred.
Knowledge of relational databases such as SQL, Oracle, MySQL, and/or Snowflake.
General knowledge of applications such as Ellucian Banner, Qlik, Salesforce, and/or other applications that rely on a back-end database.
Ability to handle multiple tasks pertaining to databases and/or applications without supervision.

Posting Detail Information
Salary Range
$55,300 - $107,800

Job Category
Information Systems/Technology

Working Hours if Non-Traditional

City position is located in:
Auburn

State position is located:
Alabama

List any hazardous conditions or physical demands required by this position

Posting Date
11/10/2022

Closing Date

EEO Statement
Auburn University is committed to an inclusive and diverse campus environment. Women, underrepresented groups, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply.

AUBURN UNIVERSITY IS AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION/EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities for all individuals without regard to race, sex, religion, color, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by applicable law.
