Overview:
The Business Intelligence Developer (BID) assists in design, implements content, and analytics tools within the EHR environment and data visualization tools. This person works full time to meet end-user data needs and is a part of the Analytics team. Analyzes and defines report requirements; documents specifications, designs, develops, tests, implements, and maintains operational reports for content areas they support. Participates in new module or new application implementation and upgrades, and will act as a liaison between departmental staff, Information Systems staff for all facilities and the application vendors.
Responsibilities:
Safety
Manages processes effectively regarding employee/patient safety.

Record Keeping
Maintains all required records, reports, statistics, logs, files, and other documents, using the ITSM system as required.

Process Improvement
Promotes a culture of process improvement by participating in unit/department-based programs that supports the system’s process improvement goals.
Actively participates on system-wide or hospital-based teams as needed.

Role Specific Responsibilities
Implements reporting content and analytics tools
Works with subject matter experts and project application teams to identify the needs of report consumers; prioritizes and implements new reports and change requests
Works with subject matter experts and business intelligence developers to design specifications for custom report requests and extracts
Uses reporting workbench extract framework to build/deliver in-scope extracts
Follows and enforces the Cogito Analytics Catalog and associated metadata standards
Responsible for setting up/modifying in-scope SlicerDicer data models with the direction of the Business Intelligence Developers
Assists the principal trainer with developing training curriculum and training power reporting users. If a principal trainer is not staffed, the BID will provide end-user training as needed.
Works with Application Analysts to test and validate reports after installation and implementation of system patches, service utilities and version upgrades as assigned
Maintains data integrity and security for assigned applications and systems
Develops communication related to education efforts for deployments, upgrades, optimizations and other reporting changes as assigned
Partners with quality, operational, and business leaders on report design and optimization to meet quality, safety, financial and efficiency needs
Performs other related duties as assigned
Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within the field
Regular and predictable attendance is an essential job function
Work directly with report consumers to identify needs, and meet those needs with Reporting Workbench, Radar, Registries, Metric Framework, Pulse, Crystal Reports and/or Data Visualization Tools
Manage the Report Request Intake Process
Competent to meet age specific needs of the unit assigned
Qualifications:
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Business or IT or related field; or, 4 years of equivalent IT or business experience required
Licenses and Certification
Relevant job-related as applicable
EPIC Cogito certification/accreditation required or completed within 90 days of hire. Must remain current in certification.
Experience and Skills
Technical Experience: 3 years of analytics, SQL experience and developing in data visualization tools highly preferred.
Knowledge of healthcare information systems - 2 years of experience in a hospital and/or clinic setting preferred.
COVID VACCINATION

#PIQCorp
