Business Analyst
Super Bright LEDs, an established and growing e-commerce company, is seeking a Business Analyst. This position will prepare collect and analyze current sales data and prepare forecasts. The employee will work across different business groups, including marketing, purchasing, and senior management.
This is a full-time position in Earth City, MO. Working hours are Monday-Friday 8:00 am-4:30 pm. This position can not be remote. Local candidates to the St. Louis (Missouri and Illinois) area only please.
Business Analyst Responsibilities:
Collection and analysis of data to evaluate current sales and growth trajectory
Create and provide forecasting models to Purchasing Department
Run weekly pricing meetings in partnership with Product Team
Manage and recommend changes of sales practices and promotions based on data
Provide sales reports by product category with recommendations
Work with departments in communicating sales reporting and strategy
Evaluate current economic conditions, market trends, and competitive landscape
Business Analyst Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in related field
Expert knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Ability to see trends in data and make informed recommendations
Strong business acumen and communication skills
Detail oriented and organized
Entrepreneurial and willing to take ownership of projects
Benefits:
Annual pay raises and annual bonuses based on performance
Paid Vacation, Holidays, Jury Duty, and Bereavement
Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D, STD, LTD, Supplemental Life and AD&D
401(k) retirement plan with 6% company match, fully vested
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) 6% Match
AD&D insurance
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid holidays
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Compensation package:
Bonus pay
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Earth City, MO 63045: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Application Question(s):
If hired, when would you be able to start?
What is your desired salary range?
Work Location: One location
