Job Title:

CB&P COO Shared Services - Head of Data Science, Analytics and Data Strategy


Corporate Grade:

MD


Reports to (Line Manager’s Job Title):

David Fapohunda


Direct Reports (if applicable):

TBD


Business Area:

CBP COO Shared Services


Department/Function Level 1:

CBP COO Modeling and Analytics


Department/Function Level 2:

N/A


Primary Location:

Whippany


IAR Role

No


CBI Regulated Role

No

CBI Regulated Role Type
List all applicable Controlled Functions and Pre-Approval Controlled Functions [CFs: 1-11, and PCFs: 1-47] please see appendix 1 and 2 for the full listing.

N/A


Regulated Role

No


If yes, what is the name of the regulator

N/A


Contractual Legal Entity – Please refer to link below for legal and regulatory requirement.
https://confluence.barcapint.com/display/COOSRVCOSM/Strategic+Projects

BBPLC

Barclays Overview
Barclays is a British universal bank. We are diversified by business, by different types of customers and clients, and by geography. Our businesses include consumer banking and payments operations around the world, as well as a top-tier, full service, global corporate and investment bank, all of which are supported by our service company which provides technology, operations, and functional services across the Group.

We are an equal opportunity employer and we are opposed to discrimination on any grounds.
It is the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law.
Working Flexibly

We’re committed to providing a supportive and inclusive culture and environment for you to work in. This environment recognises and supports ways to balance your personal needs, alongside the professional needs of our business. Providing the opportunity for all our employees, globally to work flexibly empowers each of us to work in a way that suits our lives as well as enabling us to better service our customers’ and clients’ needs. Whether you have family commitments or you’re a carer, or whether you need study time or wish to pursue personal interests, our approach to working flexibly is designed to help you balance your life. If you would like some flexibility, then please discuss this with the hiring manager, and your request will be reviewed subject to business needs.

Hybrid working
We are currently in the early stages of implementing a hybrid working environment, which means that many colleagues spend part of their working hours at home and part in the office, depending on the nature of the role they are in. Please discuss the detail of the working pattern options for the role with the hiring manager.

About Cards & Payments
Cards and Payments COO is an innovative place to work, where our people feel valued and inspired to deliver outstanding customer outcomes. We are responsible for 4 business units – US Cards Business, Private Bank, Germany Cards, and Merchant Services & Payments. We are a team of circa 12,000 colleagues based predominantly in the UK, USA, Germany and India.

Overall purpose of role
CB&P COO Head of Data Science, Analytics and Data Strategy This new role is pivotal in enabling Barclays Consumer Banking and Payments Operations team transform the bank to be a data driven digital CX centric bank. In the process, the individual will manage and drive the data strategy, model development, and model optimization while adhering to the banking model and data governance policies and standards.

Key Accountabilities
Provide expertise and drive strategy of data collection and analytical interpretation using advanced statistical tools and analysis.
Plan and manage successful project execution, implementation and sustainability of gains
Build strong business cases and influence senior key stakeholders to support the delivery program
Educate and promote a culture of continuous improvement across operational teams, including in-house and vendors
Act as subject matter expertise on future product and process design

Stakeholder Management and Leadership
As a leader inside CB&P COO, embrace and embody the values of the organization, communicate the vision, execute against the strategy, deliver outstanding results, hire, attract and retain top talent, deal effectively with performance issues, have a highly engaged workforce that is empowered to achieve business and personal goals
Work closely with COO’s to understand priorities, business goals and develop strategies and approaches that can be leveraged pan business but adopted and executed locally
Work with local community and political leaders to foster a sense of community and citizenship that is true to Barclays Values

Decision-making and Problem Solving
Use proper judgement in line with Barclays Values to make the right decisions that properly represent Barclays, both in the community and for the colleagues across the organisation
Solve the day to day problems encountered in an operational environment through thought leadership and collaborative approaches that brings our colleagues with us on our transformation journey
Data driven decision making, using Business and Operations data in addition to developing Data insights through pilots and industry insights
Perform and present analysis to help prioritize and solve for identified opportunities
Perform analysis to help prioritize and solve for identified opportunities
Identify and resolve day to date project challenges and highlight to management

Risk and Control Objective
Ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards.

Person Specification
Have worked in a virtualised, large scale contact centre environment, which offered self service automation to customers, ideally in financial services.
The role holder will be highly energetic and delivery focused, with the ability to deliver quality results with a challenging but positive and influential style.
Ability to provide and take key feedback, whilst working within a team environment and organized, self-motivated individual
Ability to communicate and influence senior stakeholders - they will be expected to present complex solutions to business teams in a clear and concise way, both verbally and in written documentation

Essential Skills/Basic Qualifications:
Proven experience of delivering large scale process improvement/customer experience programs
Extensive experience of training process improvement methodologies and statistical data analysis
Highly effective communicator with executive presence
A proven track record in talent management and colleague engagement
Strong analytical capability and high degree of numeracy and analytical skills
Experience of delivering process and people improvement
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to enable strong relationships and stakeholder management

Desirable skills/Preferred Qualifications:
In depth strategic understanding of assigned areas of responsibility.
Ability to build and sustain strong working relationships with key stakeholders and Sr. Management
Ability to multitask and react in a fast-paced organization
Demonstrated ability to work effectively in global organization and successfully influencing a collaborative work environment.
Competencies:
Leadership
Strategic Expertise
Sophisticated Business Analysis
Problem Analysis & Resolution,
Partner/Vendor Management
Computer Fluency-Access, Excel, MS Project, Visio, Power Point
Financial Analysis and Budgeting
Advanced Metric Development and Deployment
Strong organization and prioritization skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills required
Advanced analytical, problem solving and planning skills

Purpose and Values
We deploy finance responsibly to support people and businesses, acting with empathy and integrity, championing innovation and sustainability, for the common good and the long term.

Our values underpin everything we do: Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship.

Respect
We harness the power of diversity and inclusion in our business, trust those we work with, and value everyone's contribution.
Integrity
We operate with honesty, transparency and fairness in all we do.
Service
We act with empathy and humility, putting the people and businesses we serve at the centre of what we do.
Excellence
We champion innovation, and use our energy, expertise and resources to make a positive difference.
Stewardship
We prize sustainability, and are passionate about leaving things better than we found them.

Our Mindset shapes how we take action, living by our Values, driven by our Purpose, always with our customers and clients at the heart of what we do; our Mindset is to Empower, Challenge and Drive.
Empower
Trust and support each other to deliver. Make decisions with those closest to the topic. Include diverse perspectives. Celebrate success and learn from failure.
Challenge
Question whether things can be done better. Use insights based on data to inform decisions. Be curious about how we can adapt and improve. Speak up and be open to alternative viewpoints.
Drive
Focus on outcomes. Deliver with pace. Be passionate and ambitious about what we do. Take personal responsibility. Actively build collaborative relationships to get things done.
