naviHealth, part of Optum and the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, combines the talents of our dedicated staff and leading-edge technology to deliver compassionate care to seniors nationwide. With millions of lives touched, we are innovating the way health care is delivered from hospital to home so seniors can lead more fulfilling lives. A career with us means making an impact in the lives of those we serve, including vulnerable populations who benefit from care that is more efficient, more effective and more human. Our environment empowers our team members to elevate our interactions with each other and the experiences we deliver to our patients, giving them more days at home. Join our team, it’s your chance to improve the lives of millions while doing your life’s best work.(sm)
Why naviHealth?
At naviHealth, our mission is to work with extraordinarily talented people who are committed to making a positive and powerful impact on society by transforming health care. naviHealth is the result of almost two decades of dedicated visionary leaders and innovative organizations challenging the status quo for care transition solutions. We do health care differently and we are changing health care one patient at a time. naviHealth is looking to hire a senior-level software engineer with experience building mission-critical service-oriented applications. This role is a key-contributor to the organization and future technologies. Successful candidates will possess proven experience developing and delivering quality software solutions. Moreover, have a genuine passion and energy to grow within an aggressive and fun environment, using the latest technologies in alignment with the company’s technical vision and strategy.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Collaborate with naviHealth Product, Business, and IT teams in designing and implementing Machine Learning solutions in production and testing/integrating with operational systems
Work with Data Scientists and consuming applications to develop, test and deploy model REST end points
Implement automated testing and deployment pipelines for ML models
Interface with consuming applications and testing teams to coordinate testing and bug fixing
Provide support for models deployed in production
Operate within established methodologies, procedures, and guidelines; work independently in a fast-paced, agile environment
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience
2+ years of experience designing and developing Python web applications and API’s
2+ years of experience with Flask, Django or FastAPI (preferred) frameworks
1+ year of experience deploying services/models on Kubernetes
1+ year of experience supporting Data Science teams with deploying models
Experience with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Bamboo, Octopus, etc.
Git/GitHub integration with CI/CD tools
Preferred Qualifcations:
Master’s degree
1+ year of experience with AppDynamics or equivalent monitoring/observability tools
1+ year of experience with Databricks and MLflow
1+ year of experience with cloud. Preferably Azure ML and related services
Experience with Microservice architecture
Experience with API performance testing tools like JMeter, Locust, etc.
About naviHealth
Being a pioneer in post-acute management and care transitions with 19 years of experience, naviHealth is uniquely positioned to manage patients, improve clinical and financial outcomes, and share risk with payors and providers. We provide clinical service support alongside proprietary technology and advisory solutions that empower health systems, health plans and post-acute providers to navigate care episodes across the continuum, with the goal of reducing waste and improving patient outcomes.

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to d o your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $66,100 to $118,300. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $72,800 to $129,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
*All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy
#OHECT
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
