Job Posting
: Oct 19, 2022
Job Posting End Date
: Dec 19, 2022
Location
: US-WA-Seattle-Starbucks Support Center
Is this role eligible for remote or hybrid work? : Yes-Remote
Starbucks - Executive
Schedule
: Full-time
Job Summary and Mission
From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only
celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary leaders who share this passion and are guided by their service to others.
As a lead manager data science, you will support our people analytics efforts at Starbucks, focused on strengthening the Starbucks partner experience. You will lead a small team of data scientists, decision scientists, and/or data analysts who leverage statistical analysis, data visualization, and storytelling to help us identify opportunities. Your team will support people analytics for retail, including labor relations, partner operations, and legal. You will build strong relationships with cross-functional business teams, collaborate closely with technology teams, and identify ways to improve existing processes or analytical approaches. You will coach and develop your team, helping them to drive impact while growing their careers at Starbucks.
As a lead manager data science, you will…
Serve as an embedded data science thought partner for business stakeholders, helping to define and shape business questions and translate them into actionable analytical questions
Mentor or instruct more junior data scientists in best practices around the proper use of statistics and models to solve problems of interest
Promote the value of data science (including AI and ML) to solve business problems & lead the strategy of new, creative data science solutions

We’d love to hear from people with:
5 years’ experience in data science
MS with concentration in quantitative discipline
Experience with people or operations analytics
Experience building and leading teams
Join us and be part of something bigger. Apply today!
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
