Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast.

Job Summary
Responsible for coordinating the operation of several complex data base files. Under minimal supervision performs aspects of Database Administration including, hardware and software evaluation and installation, logical and physical database design and implementation, structured testing of database designs, security administration, backup and recovery planning, performance and tuning, research and evaluation of new tools and techniques and development of policies, standards and procedures. Participates with the implementation and support of development systems, QA systems and production systems at data centers, including all network and systems-related infrastructure components. Has in-depth experience, knowledge and skills in own discipline. Usually determines own work priorities. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience.
Job Description
Core Responsibilities
Communicates and understands impact of database changes to affected parties and makes recommendations, as appropriate. Maintains hardware platforms to perform at optimum response, capacity planning and implementation of new databases due to conversions.
Consults with Project Managers to design appropriate solutions. Assists the development teams with application schema designs and applies best practices.
Commissions and installs new applications.
Assists with leading a task force to develop and implement a database that addresses business needs. Advises on new database technologies, trends and features.
Develops, revises and implements policies, standards, procedures and guidelines necessary to effectively administer the database environment.
Develops, manages and tests backup and recovery plans.
Designs/tunes, maintains and supports database systems for highly available, high-volume internet applications.
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) and overtime as necessary.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Additional Responsibilities:
Rapidly troubleshoot database issues
Identify and correct database setup or configurations issues
Use PowerShell to rotate passwords and certificates on a regular basis
Design, document, implement, and test SSIS processes
Employees at all levels are expected to:
Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job.
Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services.
Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences.
Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas.
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers.
Drive results and growth.
Respect and promote inclusion & diversity.
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities.
Disclaimer:
This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications.
Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer.
Comcast is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Education
Bachelor's Degree
While possessing the stated degree is preferred, Comcast also may consider applicants who hold some combination of coursework and experience, or who have extensive related professional experience.
Relevant Work Experience
5-7 Years

Salary:
Pay Range: $89,470.63 - $134,205.94
Comcast intends to offer the selected candidate base pay dependent on job-related, non-discriminatory factors such as experience.

Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality – to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details.
