Discord is about creating a space for everyone to find belonging in their lives. Hundreds of millions of people use Discord every week to have meaningful interactions. The mission of the Discovery &amp; Notifications team at Discord is to help users connect and engage with the online communities to create this belonging. We are working on enabling our users' experiences with search, recommendations, and smart notifications. We are just starting to build these ML-driven user experiences and if you are someone who is passionate about building things from scratch, this is a great opportunity for you! What You'll Be Doing Work with product, data science, policy and UXR to formulate an ML driven product strategy. Design and develop large scale low latency machine learning systems for retrieval, ranking and personalization. Build generalizable infrastructure for NLP, retrieval and ranking, especially using MLOps stacks like TFX. You'll Thrive In This Role If Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative field including Computer Science, Physics, Applied Math, Statistics or other quantitative fields. 5+ years of software development experience, or 3+ years with an advanced degree. Worked with large-scale recommendation/ search/ adsML systems. Experience with seminal approaches to retrieval and ranking. You've worked with distributed systems deployed at scale. New York City residents only: Minimum salary of $186,000 year + equity and benefits*Note: Disclosure as required by NYC Pay Transparency LawColorado residents only: Minimum salary of $167,400 year + equity and benefits*Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20). Benefits and Perks Comprehensive medical insurance including Health, Dental and Vision (plus up to $20,000 for gender affirmation procedures) Mental health resources and quarterly wellness stipends 16+ paid holidays, 4 weeks of PTO + use-what-you-need sick days Paid parental leave (plus fertility, adoption and other family planning benefits) Flexible long-term work options (remote and hybrid) Volunteer time off A diverse slate of Employee Resource Groups Plus commuter contributions and other perks for office-based employees About Us Discord is a voice, video and text app that helps friends and communities come together to hang out and explore their interests — from artists and activists, to study groups, sneakerheads, plant parents, and more. With 150 million monthly users across 19 million active communities, called servers, Discord has grown to become one of the most popular communications services in the world. Discord was built without selling ads or user data and instead, offers a premium subscription called Nitro that gives users special perks like higher quality streams and fun customizations. We’re working toward an inclusive world where no one feels like an outsider, where genuine human connection is a click, text chat, or voice call away. A place where everyone can find belonging. Challenging? Heck yes. Rewarding? Double heck yes. It’s a mission that gives us the chance to positively impact millions of people all over the world. So if this strikes a chord with you, come build belonging with us!
