
Job Description
This is an opportunity to join the Network Modeling Group (NMG) – a research lab that develops statistical network methods and simulation studies to support public policy development in the area of infectious disease prevention and treatment, with a focus on HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. The work will involve developing, implementing and evaluating stochastic network models for HIV transmission for two current projects.  The first project is the Washington HIV/AIDS Modeling for Prevention project, which is focused on developing a validated model of HIV transmission dynamics as a foundation for cost optimization projections for the Washington State Department of Health.  The second is an NIH MIDAS project focused on adding new functionality to our open source epidemic modeling software package EpiModel.  Our team has a uniquely challenging mission to provide state-of-the-art, reproducible research to support practical public health policy development.
The Network Modeling Group is an active interdisciplinary team of faculty, research scientists and graduate students on campus, with ties to team members at other institutions in the US and abroad, and close working relationships with public health departments at the local, state and national levels. Our research tools are open source and designed to establish a reproducible research pathway for the larger scientific community:  our software is based on R, GitHub, Shiny and markdown, and we publish and maintain a large number of packages on CRAN, including the statnet suite for statistical network analysis, and the EpiModel package for network modeling of epidemics and other diffusion processes.
More detail, with a link to the application form here.
Questions?  Contact me at [email protected]
How to Apply
Apply online through the University of Washington "uwhires" system here.


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: epidemic modeling, network analysis, and simulation. Salaries: Less than $100,000.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




