We are seeking…
A driven and talented team player to add to our Software Engineering team. The machine learning engineer will develop and maintain machine learning models and applications.
You will:
Work on existing machine learning algorithms and tools based on the user requirements.
Prototype and test models for feasibility/scalability studies.
Work with machine learning production pipelines (TFX, AWS Sagemaker, etc)
Deploy machine learning models to production.
Write tools to monitor production machine learning models to ensure accuracy remains high.
Document machine learning processes.
Write clear, maintainable, and tested code.
If local, assist in creating and maintaining an AL laboratory.
On occasion, travel to a client site.
You are:
Ethical.
Motivated.
Organized.
Passionate about your work.
Experienced in Active Listening Skills.
Able to Take Initiative and Act Accordingly.
You have:
BSEE, BSCE, BSCS, Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Data Science, or a related field required
At least 2 years of experience in machine learning field required
Advanced proficiency in Python, ML frameworks, ML tools, and databases required
Critical thinking skills and are comfortable supporting collaborative problem solving in a team environment.
Knowledge of Machine Learning Operations (MLOps).
Understanding of your own limits and are comfortable asking for assistance when needed.
Nice to haves:
Master’s degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, or a related field.
Experience with computer vision.
Experience using Nvidia Triton Inference server or other AI cloud platforms.
Experience with AI at the edge.

Benefits
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Life Insurance
Disability Insurance
401(k) with 4% company match
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Paid Holidays
Parental Leave
Pay for Certification Program/ Tuition reimbursement
Other Duties:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
