FC Project Manager II, Data Science
Our Opportunity:
Chewy is hiring a FC Project Manager II, Data Science for a technical role to support our North American fulfillment center network. If you are excited about leading a project using data science to drive step function improvement and revolutionize e-commerce fulfillment then this opportunity is for you. Chewy is proud to offer competitive benefits, leadership development programs, rapid career growth potential, and employee incentives.
What we do:
Use analytics, stat, machine learning and simulation to provide world class fulfillment solutions for the Chewy fulfillment network.
Routinely and effectively partner with leadership to define key business metrics, build models, and use descriptive analytics to support large scale operations decisions.
Work with engineering and operations leadership to identify process bottlenecks and build solutions supported by data.
Basic Qualifications
At least 6 years of related full-time experience in an analytical role developing and deploying data science techniques, preferably in supply chain or warehouse operations
Excellent predictive modeling and machine learning skills and experience with data science techniques. A proven track record of implementing model outputs into real world solutions.
Familiarity with Python/R and popular libraries for statistics/machine learning (scipy, numpy, pandas, sklearn, dplyr, NLTK) and experience in applying machine learning methods such as binary/multi classification, clustering, decision trees, etc. to solve the business problems
Minimum of 6 years of practical SQL programming query development and performance optimization experience.
Minimum of 6 years of experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools, e.g. Tableau, QlikView.
Minimum of 6 years of experience designing and applying analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to operational processes.
Experience with statistical analysis tools (such as R, Minitab), root cause analysis, process design and control.
Requires strong quantitative and analytical skills; this role caters to someone that loves to solve difficult and complex problems.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s in Computer Science, Operations Research, quantitative sciences including engineering, statistics, computer science, business with focus on analytics
Familiarity with fulfillment operations, ability to operate productively with limited supervision, and demonstrated intuition to allocate time to productive efforts is critical.
Practical experience designing/implementing machine learning algorithms tailored to particular business needs and tested on large datasets.
5-6 years of progressive experience with heavy emphasis on operations analytics and process improvement.
Familiarity with mathematical modelling & simulation techniques – probability, optimization (linear programming, etc.), graph theory, state models.
If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar law, and you need an accommodation during the application process or to perform these job requirements, or if you need a religious accommodation, please contact CAAR@chewy.com.

If you have a question regarding your application, please contact HR@chewy.com.

Chewy is committed to equal opportunity. We value and embrace diversity and inclusion of all Team Members.

To access Chewy’s Privacy Policy, which contains information regarding information collected from job applicants and how we use it
