Location
Remote
Colombia
Argentina
Uruguay
Chile
Guatemala
Peru
Mexico
United States
At Moove It we design, develop, and deploy custom software solutions for organizations that want to make an impact through technology.
Being officially recognized as a Great Place To Work in LATAM, we offer the perfect balance between work and fulfilling life. Here you can develop your passions and form strong relationships. Moove It is your opportunity to leave your mark in creating a better world for everyone, working on international projects that have a positive impact on our society.
We are looking for a curious BI Developer like you, in the search of professional development in a people-centered culture.
You are excellent at doing the following:
Design, implement, and optimize data processes.
Process, manipulate, and extract useful information from large and unrelated datasets.
Build analytics tools to provide actionable insights and key business performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues.
Proactively learn new technologies within data processing and data visualization.
What will make you a perfect fit
1+ year of professional or academic experience with Business Intelligence.
1+ year of professional or academic experience in SQL.
1+ year of professional or academic experience with at least one of the following tools Power BI, Tableau, Looker or Qlik.
Experience creating ETL process (Extract, Transform and Load) to obtain data from different sources.
Well-developed written and oral communication skills with ability to present data visualizations.
You don't have to meet all requirements to be able to apply.
Apply if you think you are a good fit and we will take it from there.
The benefits that make us a great fit:
Work-life balance
Plenty of fun, team-building activities every month.
Positive and collaborative working environment.
Free lunch at the office every Friday!
Develop your passions, whether by playing sports, an instrument, or brewing the perfect coffee.
Healthy breakfasts and snacks to share everyday.
Growing together
Personalized mentorship from the very first day.
International clients, leaders in their industry.
English and tech courses.
Opportunity to change projects.
Diverse and healthy environment
Private medical insurance.
Pledge 1%
We strive to reduce the gender gap in technology.
Multicultural team.
Constant feedback.
