About Us

EcoCart's mission is to make the fight against climate change easy, accessible, and affordable for everyone. We live at the intersection of E-Commerce and Climate Tech and build software that determines the ecological footprint of the manufacturing and delivery of goods sold by e-commerce brands around the world. Then through consumer-facing features, EcoCart enables shoppers to offset the emissions of the goods they are purchasing by donating to offset projects that EcoCart vets and supports. We are backed by top VCs, executives from Facebook, Affirm, & Klaviyo, and by top-tier e-commerce founders of Chubbies, Blue Bottle Coffee, BarkBox, & Felix Gray.

We are a 30-person, remote-first company looking for people who are motivated by being part of a team building products that will help change the world. We're growing quickly, and want you to grow with us - Join us in our mission to make commerce sustainable!

The Opportunity

The Data Engineer will use various methods to transform raw data into useful data systems. Whether creating algorithms or conducting statistical analyses, they will strive for efficiency by aligning data systems with business goals.

The right candidate will have strong analytical skills and the ability to combine data from different sources. They should also be familiar with several programming languages and have knowledge of machine learning methods. If you are detail-oriented, with excellent organizational skills and experience in this field, we’d like to hear from you!

Salary Range: $130,000-$150,000
Check out our tech stack on StackShare: https://stackshare.io/ecocart-io/ecocart-io
In this role you will
Analyze and organize raw data in conjunction with Analysts
Build data systems and pipelines within the AWS Ecosystem
Develop Python code to enable data migrations and ETLs across the company
Evaluate business needs and objectives
Interpret trends and patterns
Conduct complex data analysis and report on results
Prepare data for prescriptive and predictive modeling
Build algorithms and prototypes
Combine raw information from different sources
Explore ways to enhance data quality and reliability
Identify opportunities for data acquisition
Develop analytical tools and programs
Collaborate with data scientists and architects on several projects
We are looking for
3 - 4 years of experience as a Data Engineer or similar role
Experience with ETL/ELT tools (e.g. AWS Glue, Fivetran, SSIS)
Technical expertise with data models, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of programming languages (e.g. Java and Python)
Hands-on experience with SQL and NoSQL database design
Experience with DynamoDB, Lambda, and Redshift
Great numerical and analytical skills
A collaborative individual who enjoys working on a team building things together
Bonus points
Experience programming in Python
Experience in Machine Learning and/or Statistics
Startup experience
Ecommerce experience
Benefits

Series A Equity
Unlimited PTO
Flexible hours
Remote-first environment
Best-of-the-best options for medical, dental, & vision insurance
401(k)
Mental health benefits
Life insurance
Periodic days of rest, where the entire company enjoys a day off!
Proactive, collaborative company culture with a shared vision for climate impact!
