Leading the future in luxury electric and mobility
At Lucid, we set out to introduce the most captivating, luxury electric vehicles that elevate the human experience and transcend the perceived limitations of space, performance, and intelligence. Vehicles that are intuitive, liberating, and designed for the future of mobility.
We plan to lead in this new era of luxury electric by returning to the fundamentals of great design – where every decision we make is in service of the individual and environment. Because when you are no longer bound by convention, you are free to define your own experience.
Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you.

The Data Science and Machine Learning team at Lucid is on the mission to design, develop, and deploy AI solutions to help make safe and sustainable products and services on par with Lucid’s Luxury brand. Data generated by electric vehicles is rich and diverse and driving insight from it is a very exciting and challenging task. Join us in our mission to be part of the future sustainable mobility.
Role
Work on state-of-the-art large-scale data analytics and machine learning projects
Build MLOps pipelines to support experimentation, continuous integration, deployment (CI/CD), verification, validation, and monitoring of ML models in production
Help build and implement software toolchain, processes, and templates for Data Science and ML team for development and deployment environments
Keep effective communication with team members to ensure user and technical issues are promptly prioritized and resolved
Monitor resource usage and planning for increased capacity
Continuously evaluate the latest packages and frameworks in the ML ecosystem
Create documentation and best practices to share with the ML community
Engage broadly with the organization to identify, prioritize, frame, and structure DevOps requirements for various ML projects
Qualifications
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics or related STEM field or bachelor’s degree in computer science
Strong programming skills, especially in Python, Scala or C/C++ with relevant experience in a programming intensive role.
Familiarity with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch, Caffe, MXNet, etc.
Relevant work experience, including experience writing quality, well-documented and well-tested code for software services
Experience with distributed cloud computing platforms, particularly Kubernetes or the Hadoop/Spark ecosystem
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.

Notice regarding COVID-19 protocols
At Lucid, we prioritize the health and wellbeing of our employees, families, and friends above all else. In response to the novel Coronavirus all new Lucid employees, whose job will be based in the United States may or may not be required to provide original documentation confirming status as having received the prescribed inoculation (doses). Vaccination requirements are dependent upon location and position, please refer to the job description for more details.
Individuals in positions requiring vaccinations may seek a medical and/or religious exemption from this requirement and may be granted such an accommodation after submitting a formal request to and the subsequent review and approval thereof by our dedicated Covid-19 Response team.
To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
