Coleman Health Services, a nationally recognized mental health and substance use services provider, is seeking a qualified team member who can help enhance our business intelligence system to help turn data into knowledge through data analysis and outcomes reporting for all business units, grants and enterprises.
What can Coleman offer you:
?Health, dental, vision insurance
?Health Savings Account
?Annual Wellness reimbursement
?Start with three weeks of paid-time off
?Bereavement time off
?Discounts on Verizon service plans
?Excellent team environment
?Highest commitment to quality care
?$250 Quarterly Employee Recognition Program, Wellness Reimbursement & more!
Are you looking to make a meaningful difference in your community? Would you like to work for an award-winning, nationally recognized behavioral health and rehabilitation organization? If you answered yes, then Coleman might be a great fit for you!
Our Company Culture and Benefits Set Us Apart! Regardless of your role at Coleman Health Services, your work makes a lasting impact on those we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a collaborative community of dedicated professionals whose primary mission is to improve the lives of our clients. In return, you can also expect opportunities for career advancement and continued professional training.
Job Duties of the Business Intelligence Developer:
Design, build and deploy Power BI solutions, KPI dashboards, custom visualizations, and reports for requested projects.
Proficiently design and deploy DAX queries in Power BI Desktop.
Collaborate with clinical and administrative management and staff to design, test and implement analytic tools that supports grants reporting, enterprise/business unit needs and to improve data collection and reporting strategies.
Create and connect various data sources, linking and importing data flows and transforming data across platforms.
Experience with multiple analytic programming languages such as SQL, R, Python, or DAX.
Responsible for design methodology, dashboard security, and project documentation.
Understand the clinical nature of the business to be able to translate business questions into reporting and analytic solutions.
Qualifications of the Business Intelligence Developer:
Bachelor's degree in Data Analytics, Information Systems, Statistics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or related field.
3 years of business intelligence development or related technical experience using Power BI.
3 years of experience with programming languages such as MS-SQL and DAX, data gateways and warehouse design.
Demonstrated experience in producing technical documentation and report distribution.
Effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Desire to creatively develop analytical solutions to business problems.
Strong follow-through skills for managing multiple projects.
Ability to work independently and in a cross functional team.
Preference given to the following candidates:
Prior industry experience in Behavioral Health or closely related healthcare field.
Microsoft Power BI Certification.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. E.O.E. Persons with a disability can request an accommodation to complete the application process by emailing careers@colemanservices.org with the subject line "Accommodation Request."
