Business Analyst Position General Description:
Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs. Formulates systems to parallel overall business strategies. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Familiar with relational database concepts, and client-server concepts. Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a project manager. A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
Prepare and document Functional and Technical Specifications fo. Assist in deployment and management of end-user reporting tools and platforms.
Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs. Formulates systems to parallel overall business strategies. Experienced with business process reengineering and identifying new applications of technology to business problems to make business more effective. Familiar with industry standard (including Legacy, Core, and Emerging technologies), business process mapping, and reengineering.
Job Responsibilities:
Work with multiple stakeholders to develop an in depth knowledge of the related business operations and business needs.
Conduct discovery to identify related systems and related data sources/stores.
Develop working knowledge of constraints and enablers to include applicable regulations, policies, parallel projects, and existing systems and technologies.
Develop and execute approach for requirements elicitation to identify minimum viable product objectives.
Conduct analysis and review findings related to the project scope.
Serve as a liaison between the project team, business area, and technical teams.
Review and/or develop user stories in support of implementation.
Validate test plans and test cases in support of business test activities.
Work with the project, business, and technical teams to ensure solution implementation procedures are followed.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
East Lansing, MI 48823: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
Business analysis: 8 years (Required)
Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer
+91 6149805965
