Transforming The Way Construction Owners Use Technology & Data
If you like technology, solving problems, working with a dynamic team in a fast-paced environment, and providing excellent customer service, then Avicado is for you! Our Director of Data Science and Business Intelligence is a crucial component to ensuring the day-to-day operations of our client's run smoothly and efficiently. An ideal candidate for this role would have experience in management, leadership, business development, and project management. For this role, you must be able to work well in a remote team environment and be willing to lead, grow, and build out the Data Science and Business Intelligence Service Line.
You will love this job if…
You are a high performer, self-starter, and love to learn.
You take ownership of your team's service line and its impact.
You connect and grow both inside and outside the organization.
You like to have fun and be your authentic self.
What you'll do…
Take ownership of and drive growth of the Data Science & Business Intelligence Service Line
Have an active role in building a team of top performers
Lead a service line that offers best-in-class solutions
Manage the Data Science Consulting Team at Avicado:
Training and developing
Monitoring performance and initiating action to strengthen results
Motivate team to complete tasks and meet goals
Provide regular feedback
Play an active role in the recruitment and onboarding process of new team members
Assist Sales on new business opportunities by providing input for designing and scoping services
Analyze the business requirements by collaborating with design and construction project management stakeholders and IT Management, studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes
Build relationships with construction technology owners
Meet service revenue and profitability team goals
Work closely with teammates, customers, and vendors
Provide input by which customers are on-boarded to Avicado
Play a key role in shaping the development of the services team
Establish and maintain relationships with the key stakeholders
You should have
Experience with managing a team in a remote and dynamic environment
Ability to coach, train, and develop team-members
Proficient in Tableau (or similar software) and SQL
Experience with automating manual workflows
Established network connections in the software and construction industry
Ability to build relationships and assist in business development
Candidate must be motivated, independent
Outstanding interpersonal relationship building
Professional written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in the Construction industry as it relates to business processes or project management
Experience in the Technology industry as it relates to software implementations and administration
Experience in the Customer Service industry as it relates to software support
Experience with construction project management systems (i.e., Primavera Unifier, Microsoft Project, e-Builder, Procore, Newforma, Kahua, etc.)
Characteristics of an ideal candidate
Coachable; recognizes strengths & weakness and open to guidance
Responsive; Avicado takes great pride in reacting quickly and positively to our clients, perspective clients, and teammates
Innovative; a desire to drive innovation through new and unique solutions while embracing creative ideas.
Entrepreneurial; the drive to take initiative, deliver results, and create value for our clients
Empowered; bring solutions instead of problems
Performance Driven & Accountable; sets goals and challenges our high-performance culture
Even-tempered; handles pressure and thrives in a fast-paced environment
Why Choose Avicado
Competitive compensation
Health insurance
401k with employer match
Flexible PTO
Remote work
Philanthropic Matching Gift Program
And more…
About Avicado
Founded in 2015, Avicado Construction Technology Services, LLP specializes in improving our clients' experience with the latest cloud-based tools and applications. We are a technology consultancy that empowers construction owners to leverage their systems and data. Our experts partner with enterprise organizations like data centers, universities, hospitals and real estate developers to create seamless interoperability across their teams and technologies. We're currently in an exciting stage of growth and actively seeking out new talent to join our team.
We're a close-knit team with a high-performance culture, but we don't like to take ourselves too seriously.
We are proud of our diversity and inclusivity. We have nurtured an intentional, highly interactive remote work environment that promotes a culture of mutual respect and individuality, all while creating opportunities for employees to do the best work of their lives—while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, remote experiences, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups and much more.
Avicado has been certified as a "Great Place to Work" and was listed on Inc.'s Best Workplaces of 2021.
If you're a motivated self-starter interested in joining a rapidly growing company and working alongside Fortune 500 clients, join us!
EOE
