Cisive continues to make significant advances in the employment screening industry and we are always looking for the right talent to join us on our journey into a very exciting future.
Recognized as a national leader in quality of service, timely reporting, cost-effectiveness, state-of-the-art technology programs, and legal expertise in employee screening, Cisive serves many of the country’s leading corporations. Through our technology, Cisive is able to quickly respond to changing customer needs.
Cisive is currently seeking to add a Business Analyst to its team. The Business Analyst will shepherd projects from the Elaboration Phase through the Construction Phase of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). In the Elaboration Phase of the SDLC the Senior Business Analyst will ensure all project requirements are documented and approved. In the Construction Phase the Business Analyst will ensure requirements are understood and being met by the development team. This role work will support the company in accomplishing critical business goals.
Position Duties:
Manage the requirements gathering sessions for client and internal projects
Prioritize integrated requirements to ensure that requirements are complete and documented
Advise client users on application design alternatives and business process change opportunities
Lead the root cause analysis and resolutions for complex business problems
Successfully identify, address, manage, and escalate risks and issues within a project
Support the development of training and implementation materials
Communicate estimated delivery dates for both internal and external projects and work with Scrum Master to set and change priorities
Effectively and efficiently use all applications in the Microsoft Office Suite to create and deliver documents, especially Microsoft Word, Excel, and Visio
Draft requirements documentation for both functional and non-functional requirements
Draft user guides and user acceptance testing guides
Facilitate and manage testing for larger projects
Communicate and facilitate client level user acceptance testing (“UAT”) by collaborating with the Project Manager and QA Lead
Schedule and run conference calls with large numbers of stakeholders
Education & Qualification Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience required
5 years experience as a business analyst with a solid understanding of the requirements gathering process as part of the software development lifecycle “SDLC”
Required Skills:
Strong meeting facilitation skills
Strong technical skills, ability to identify, understand and communicate functional and non-functional requirements
Self-motivated, able to work independently, and as part of a larger team
Exceptional communication skills across all levels of the organization
Strong problem-solving skills
Outstanding organizational skills
Qualified candidates are expected to be very proficient with of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Visio
Expectations:
Influential leadership – Through powerful influence (as opposed to coercion), achieves effective results through people who choose to follow him or her because they believe in and trust that the leader can guide them to the desired result.
Job Knowledge – Competent in required job skills and knowledge. Exhibits ability to learn and apply new skills. Keeps abreast of current developments. Requires minimal supervision.
Quality – Strong attention-to-detail. Must have strong time management skills, the ability to multi-task and work at a fast pace. Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness. Displays commitment to excellence. Looks for ways to improve and promote quality. Applies feedback to improve performance. Monitors own work to ensure quality.
Problem Solving – Identifies problems in a timely manner. Gathers and analyzes information skillfully. Develops alternative solutions. Resolves problems in early stages. Works well in group problem solving situations.
Analytical Skills – Synthesizes complex or diverse information. Collects and researches data. Uses intuition and experience to complement data.
Teamwork – Balances team and individual responsibilities. Exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views. Gives and welcomes feedback. Contributes to building a positive team spirit. Puts success of team above own interests.
Communication –Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Edits work for spelling and grammar. Speaks clearly and persuasively. Listens and gets clarification. Participates in meetings.
