Description:
Job Summary:
Director, Data Science & Analytics proactively leverages internal and acquired data to increase revenue, improve audience engagement, expand current platforms and streamline business processes. He/she will collaborate with functional leaders, software development teams and data providers to position HMG as a data-informed and insights-driven organization. The role will also define, develop and support HMGs ability to use and apply data as a strategic asset and provide analytical insights that enhance strategic and operational planning. This role will advocate for using data to create personalized experiences for viewers, listeners, donors, and consumers throughout the ministry. The Director, Data Science & Analytics also will create, implement, and oversee artificial intelligence systems to inform organization decisions.
Essential Functions
Strategy
Champion data-informed decision-making in HMG
Lead, manage and accountability for Data Science team and its’ productivity
Promote data-personalized experiences in all applications throughout the ministry
Engage with senior leadership on organizational challenges and present frameworks, insights and findings that support decision-making
Consider and analyze strategic questions that are core to HMG mission and objectives
Identify priorities which lead to improved constituent experience, donor growth and increased engagement of HMG listeners.
Develop and maintain consultative and collaborative relationships with key stakeholders, proactively identifying and addressing data reporting and analytics needs, as well as potential initiatives that align to and support HMGs strategy.
Collaborate specifications and requirements with HMG Technology on data engineering roadmap to acquire, store and retrieve data that addresses HMG missional, operating and revenue interests
Review existing systems in relation to future needs and benefits and recommend improvements to meet HMGs data needs and eliminate duplicative tools or other costs
Solution Management & Analytics
Identify, develop and support KPIs for audience expansion, market development, platform expansion, risk mitigation, donor development and other strategic metrics
Drive innovation in dashboard offerings, partnering with the Technology team
Develop and design presentations, data visualizations, reports, and other deliverables and summarize findings to key stakeholders and executive leadership, communicating with both technical and non-technical team members.
Demonstrated Faith
Pray for coworkers in team meetings
Lead prayer in large group settings as needed
Pray for donors when called upon to do so
Use Christian principles to work through conflict as outlined by the Culture tool kit
Participate in Listener Support Weeks, Support Drives and Thankathon, and pray for donors over the phone as needed
Participate in ministry wide Christian bible studies
Attend weekly staff gatherings for prayer and devotions
Other
Other duties as needed
Requirements:
Requirements and Qualifications:
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree statistics, quantitative field, economics, finance, business mathematics or a related field - Graduate degree preferred
Experience:
Minimum 7 - 10 years working with business stakeholders and senior leaders in advising on and delivering data analytics, information and technology solutions to meet their needs.
Minimum 7 - 10 years leading enterprise insights, analytics and/or business intelligence teams.
Minimum 7 - 10 years leading and implementing analytical solutions using variety commercial technologies and platforms.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Leadership of team members
Attention to detail
Strong solution design capabilities with special focus on BI/Analytics applications. Experience consuming large data sets from multiple sources and implementing visualization capabilities leveraging mainstream, commercial software platforms.
Experience with Big Data, artificial intelligence and infrastructure platforms.
Strong project management skills.
Resourceful and quick learner; able to efficiently seek out, learn, & apply new areas of expertise as needed.
Experience exploring, implementing, and deploying advanced capabilities, including cognitive technology, ML/AI, automation, and digital user engagement techniques.
Experience with technologies such as: Python, R, Java, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, and SQL. Microsoft Dynamics preferred.
Heart for Christian ministry
Strong moral character
Has a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. Spiritually grounded and working knowledge of scripture
Must be an active member of a Bible believing local church
Supervisory Responsibilities
Immediate supervision over a unit, section or department. Recommends candidates for hiring, termination; prepares and conducts performance appraisals and salary reviews, and applies company policies.
Working Conditions and Environment
Travel:
Occasional travel
Nights/Weekends/Holidays:
Occasional for conferences or retreats.
Physical Requirements
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Physical Activity may include Talking. Expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word. Those activities in which they must convey detailed or important spoken instructions to other workers accurately, loudly, or quickly. Hearing. Perceiving the nature of sounds at normal speaking levels with or without correction. Ability to receive detailed information through oral communication, and to make the discriminations in sound. Repetitive motion. Substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers.
Light work. Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.
The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading
