Company Description

Domino’s Pizza, which began in 1960 as a single store location in Ypsilanti, MI, has had a lot to celebrate lately: we’re a reshaped, reenergized brand of honesty, transparency and accountability – not to mention, great food! In the rise to becoming a true technology leader, the brand is now consistently one of the top five companies in online transactions and 65% of our sales in the U.S. are taken through digital channels. The brand continues to ‘deliver the dream’ to local business owners, 90% of which started as delivery drivers and pizza makers in our stores. That’s just the tip of the iceberg…or as we might say, one “slice” of the pie! If this sounds like a brand you’d like to be a part of, consider joining our team!

Job Description

Summary: The Analytics & Insights team has been a key contributor to driving Domino’s industry-leading growth by pairing strategic thought leadership with the latest analytic techniques in the fields of data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and primary research. The A&I team leverages their skills to drive outstanding consumer and employee experiences to fuel future growth.
The Digital Experience Data Science Manager will lead a team of Data Scientists that are transforming our digital experiences from best-in-class to world-class. This Manager will leverage their industry expertise to lead a team focused on strategically optimizing the digital customer journey and experience on our web and app platforms. This includes guiding projects focused on driving incrementality through improved engagement and conversion on digital platforms, as well as delivering actionable customer and visit-level insights. In addition, this leader will partner with Marketing and IT teams to improve the digital experience and oversee a team providing A/B testing and sophisticated web analytics approaches utilizing the vast customer data within Domino’s web logs, UCD, and other databases – and will be asked to bring new and innovative tools and approaches to the table to continue to advance our digital analytic capabilities. Key to the role will be contributing to the vision, execution, and performance of strategic digital initiatives.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES
Generate and Implement Continuous Process Improvements
Provide thought leadership and drive a better understanding of best practices in digital marketing tool stack, web analytics, digital content, and campaign management
Identify and develop new techniques to utilize Domino’s customer database to support marketing functions
Partner with marketing and IT teams to implement developed processes into Domino’s workstreams
Drive the transition to a more performance-oriented and test/learn-focused organization; develop a vision and craft a compelling business case for additional evolution: e.g., CRM integration, customer insights, dynamic ordering experiences, etc.
Collaborate with and Empower Marketing Digital Experience team
Build strategies for amplifying concepts, insights, and implications related to strategic business outcomes
Lead technology & strategy solution engagements across multi-functional workstreams including customer data platform, data onboarding and activation, and analytics planning and execution
Drive requirements definitions and provide guidance on tagging structures and strategies ensuring appropriate and accurate tracking and measurement
Collaborate on new DX tests, establishing key questions to analyze and clear KPIs
Design and setup tests to measure new DX testing tactics and campaigns
Create persuasive and actionable findings to inform and influence Marketing partners plus the Leadership Team
Managing People & Projects
Act as a change agent with experience in leading teams from vision to driving business results
Manage team members by defining the roadmap, establishing priorities, guiding the understanding of business questions and the digital experience eco-system, and focusing on career development
Closely collaborate with business partners to develop and rollout recommendations and tools
Partner with internal and external business stakeholders to establish deliverables and timelines. Ensure team is accountable to commitments, including timing and accuracy of insights and other deliverables.
Manage cross team efforts preparing for strategic meetings. Both project management and presentation authoring & review.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
5+ years of relevant professional experience, strong leadership experience, formal management preferred
Deep experience within a digital analytics role including A/B, multivariate testing, and personalization tools
Strong experience solving business problems with data science, emphasis on business outcomes
Applied experience with statistical computer languages (SQL, R, Python, etc.)
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, probability, properties of distributions, statistical tests, etc.) and experience with applications
Expert knowledge of creating engaging and compelling stories and presentations from data
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Advanced project management skills
Outstanding written and verbal communication

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines
