
Job Description
About Alamar Biosciences, Inc.
Founded by serial entrepreneurs with a track record of success, Alamar Biosciences is a venture-backed startup company developing game-changing technology platforms for early cancer detection and treatment. The company is looking for productive and energetic scientists to join our fast-paced and goal-oriented team. We provide exceptional opportunities for those who have the entrepreneurial spirit, enjoy developing novel technology platforms and products, and aspire to grow together with the company.
 
Description:
We are seeking a PhD-level Biostatistician / Bioinformatics scientist with a passion for creating methods for analyzing and modeling completely new types of high-throughput biological data. The successful candidate will design, execute and implement methods for statistical computation at Alamar. He or she should be a technical expert in handling biological data in a statistically sound manner. The candidate will be working with innovative technology and developing platform methods for data analysis and will work with a highly talented and motivated team to address unmet research and medical needs.
 
Responsibilities:
Support the development of Alamar’s technology platform and develop methods and for analyzing and quantifying Alamar’s unique biological data
Create algorithms (e.g. an R package) which allows statisticians and data scientists around the world to easily use the algorithms / statistical methods you develop
Create graphical application(s) / dashboard(s) for users to perform data analysis and QC (e.g. using Shiny or similar)
Perform statistical analysis to support product development and biomarker discoveries
Stay abreast of industry and academic developments in statistics and modeling techniques and apply them to significant and unique issues that require exercising independent judgment.
 
Required Qualifications:
PhD. or Masters with 5+ years or Bachelor with 10+ years of experience in biostatistics, statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science or related disciplines
Solid understanding and experience in using statistical methods for analysis and modeling of biological data
Strong programming skills; fluency in R is required; python or other languages is a plus
Strong analytical mind and an interest in modern statistical and data analysis methods such as machine learning
Demonstrated productivity and scientific independence with strong problem-solving skills.
Must be self-motivated with a positive “can do” attitude and have good project management skills
Have strong communication skills and a demonstrated track record of success in a multidisciplinary team environment
 
 
Preferred Qualifications:
You have hands-on experience in the design and application of algorithms and methods for:

Normalization and accurate quantification of biological data (e.g. NGS / microarrays)
Hypothesis testing (e.g. ANOVA, multiple-test correction)
Data modeling (e.g. linear/mixed models)
Identifying biomarkers from large biological datasets
Design of Experiments
Design and analysis of clinical trials

You have familiarity with the concepts and algorithms for R packages such as limma, edgeR, voom, deseq, etc…
You have authored or made significant contributions to an R package on CRAN, BioConductor or other open-source projects
Experience with Shiny, Docker, AWS / Azure and Git
How to Apply
Please apply on Alamar Biosciences LinkedIn Page


 Job Categories: Data Scientist / Statistician. Job Types: Full-Time.




Apply for this Job


Name *


Email *


Message *


Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)

 




