ABOUT PRECISION DIAGNOSTICS:
Precision Diagnostics, based in San Diego, California is a fast-growing clinical laboratory that specializes in providing quantitative drug testing, primarily for the purpose of helping physicians monitor their patients undergoing treatment for pain or substance abuse. Precision’s objective is to improve patient adherence/compliance with their prescription regimen and protect medical practices from liability.
Join our team and become a part of a development team that prides itself in innovation and patient care. Precision Diagnostics is first and foremost a data company which uses the data to better inform physicians to improve patient care and decrease burdens
As the Business Analyst on our team, your responsibilities will be two-fold, amaze our customers with actionable, easy to consume data and implement better, cheaper, faster solutions using the latest technology. In your day to day work you identify opportunities for improvement and use your development skills to accelerate the strategic projects for the company.
To be successful, you should agree that 'the cloud' is the only way to compute and that continual learning is an essential part of being successful. We are 100% cloud based with no headache of large legacy systems and we pride ourselves on using new tools. You understand that even with complex problems often times simpler solutions are better. Having experience with DevOps, agile and lean methodology, hands-on experience with software development and ability to manage complex programs is a must. Bonus points if you understand the theory of constraints.
THE ROLE:
As the Business Analyst you should be an excellent communicator who will translate complex requirements into technical specifications, check lists and standard operating procedures provide support to technical and business process teams.
The Business Analyst will own the technical documentation of a working solution from design to completion, working with partner engineering and knowledge worker teams during integration, testing, implementation and launch. Maintain documentation of the full life-cycle of solution and improvement initiatives.
The Business Analyst must stay appraised of emerging technologies, performing regular reassessments of current solutions and alternatives to better support company objectives and address gaps in process or procedures. Design standard technology solutions to address business or technology gaps, and support advancement of emerging technology. Implementing a complimentary continuous improvement process to periodically evaluate and adjust design standards as required.
The Business Analyst must have the ability to function well in a virtual team working independently while managing time and priorities in a remote environment.
WHAT YOU BRING TO THE TABLE:
4-year degree or equivalent career experience. We want to know you can finish what you start.
4+ years of experience writing procedures, working on technical projects, operating in a leadership capacity for a technical team or similar. You should be ready to dive right in. No beginners please.
Demonstrated experience in solution development and implementation. You are skilled at translating complex information and processes into actionable clear conclusions and simplified automated processes.
Experience with Microsoft Azure, project management tools and procedure writing software. You’d rather avoid email and printers and agree that using new tools can make change and process adoption easier for end users.
To be successful, you agree that technology is a key part of every business process and you will make new technology adoption part of your routine
Become fluent in Microsoft 365 (formerly Office635) applications assigned to your role. Common applications include: Teams, Word, Excel, Tasks and Planner
Complete training in a timely manner that is assigned to you. Training is primarily conducted via Microsoft Learn modules and is assigned based on:
Position/Job Role – Most positions require a core set of Microsoft 365 working knowledge
Project Role – As member of a project team, you may be required to complete training before you can engage with the project team or commence project work
Ad-Hoc – Based on review of your performance via support requests, training modules will be assigned to increase skills
ADDITIONAL JOB CONSIDERATIONS:
This position is Part-Time
This position is remote with the option to work on-site at Headquarters; no relocation assistance package.
Flexible working hours with a minimum of 20 hours per week.
Must be able to sit at a desk for prolonged periods and working on a computer.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
