Description: NOTE: THIS POSITION HAS THE ABILITY TO WORK REMOTELY UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE!
Innovista Health Solutions is an Illinois-based service organization with management services operations in Illinois and Texas. We are currently looking for a Business Analyst reporting out of our Oak Brook, IL office. At Innovista, we believe that positive forward movement in today’s uncertain healthcare market stems from the combination of innovative programs and dedicated people. Join the Innovista team and lead the charge to a better, more efficient healthcare system.
JOB SUMMARY:
The Business Analyst is responsible for assessing Innovista Health Solutions’ operational processes and helping to devise solutions for improvement or development to aid in company operations. Duties include analyzing data, reports and operating procedures, strategizing ideas to improve business operations and meeting with Automations team leadership to provide suggestions based on their analysis, interviewing Business stakeholders to define project requirements and scope.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Collaborate and coordinate with team leads and Business SMEs to gather functional business requirements for all projects adopted by Enterprise Data team.
Aid in devising solutions to produce better business outcomes.
Maintain analysis and business requirement documentation.
Gather and analyze data.
Support ad-hoc projects/requests.
Influence stakeholders to support business projects.
Assist with project management for selected projects.
Develop Use Case and Test Scenarios, test business processes and recommend improvements.
Requirements:
Associate degree, Bachelor degree, BA Certification or equivalent experience required.
Demonstrate strong organizational, critical thinking and analytical skills with excellent attention to detail and high degree of accuracy.
Experience with Business Requirements Documentation required, Technical and Functional Specifications experience a plus.
Able to effectively communicate technical concepts with team members and basic business concepts with team members and internal customers.
Proficient in MS Office Applications with emphasis on advanced MS Excel skills and ability to learn department and job specific software systems.
Healthcare experience preferred.
Project Management experience preferred.
Basic knowledge of SQL (SELECT queries) preferred.
At least 1 year of relevant professional experience.
Able to commit to Innovista’s corporate mission and values.
BENEFITS:
Innovista is dedicated to hiring passionate individuals who embody our core values: integrity, determination, and teamwork. We recognize the importance of work-life integration and seek to provide our employees with competitive benefits, which include:
Comprehensive health plan options, dental, and vision coverage subsidized by Innovista
Opportunity to work from home, based on position and manager discretion
Company-paid benefits, such as short- and long-term disability, employee life, and AD&D
Discretionary bonus
401(k) with company match
Opportunity for career advancement and growth
Flex time options may be available
Please note: We do not post salary ranges. Salary ranges posted on other sites are not tied to our labor market specifications and are not relevant.
Job Type: Full-time
