Position:
Business Analyst II
Job Description:
SUMMARY
Conducts various types of research and analysis to support the business operations for Black Knight’s Data and Analytics division. Assists management to resolve business issues in an effective and productive manner. Designs, documents, and reengineers business processes and publishes business metric results.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs analyses of the business goals, objectives, and needs of the general business environment
Performs research and analysis to support business operations and presents findings to management
Plans and designs business processes and make recommendations and changes to improve and deliver greater effectiveness and efficiency
Identifies and implements best practices and suggest how to improve current practices
May perform special projects upon request and on occasion
May prepare reports for financial and P&L analyses
Performs other related duties as assigned
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combinations of education, training, and work experience
Requires 4+ years of business analysis, operational, or analytical related experience
Experience with Office Product Suite (Excel, Outlook, etc.)
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Knowledge of Black Knight products, services, and capabilities
Knowledge of general business, corporate operations, and structure
Mortgage industry experience
Gathering and documenting business requirements.
Attention to detail and self-starter
Verbal and written communication skills to audiences of various levels within the organization
Decision-making and problem-solving skills
Resourceful and proactive in gathering information, sharing ideas, and suggesting innovative solutions
Although target pay range may vary by work location, a representative pay range is $70,000 to $80,000. Eligible to participate in medical, dental and vision insurance, life insurance and disability insurance, 401(k) plan and employee stock purchase plan. Eligible to participate in the discretionary annual performance bonus.
EEO Statement:
Black Knight is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, and protected veteran or military family status. Our employees’ diversity is our strength, and when we embrace our differences, it makes us better and brighter. Black Knight’s commitment to inclusion is at the core of who we are, and motivates us in how we do business each and every day.
Location:
Remote
Time Type:
Full time
