JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop complex SQL scripts for data analysis and extraction; develop and maintain programs as required for the ETL process.
Design and implement distributed data processing pipelines using Spark, Hive, Sqoop, Python, and other tools and languages prevalent in the Hadoop ecosystem. Demonstrate ability to design and implement end-to-end solutions.
Build utilities, user-defined functions, and frameworks to better enable data flow patterns.
Research, evaluate and utilize new technologies/tools/frameworks centered around Hadoop and other elements in the Big Data space.
Define and build data acquisitions and consumption strategies.
Build and incorporate automated unit tests, participate in integration testing efforts.
Work with teams to resolve operational & performance issues.
Work with architecture/engineering leads and other teams to ensure quality solutions are implemented, and engineering best practices are defined and adhered to.
Assist in the development and training of the IT department.
QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCES:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, similar degree or experience
Advanced knowledge of the Python programming language and common libraries, including pandas and numpy
Working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases
Experience building and optimizing data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and find opportunities for improvement
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Remote
