Reports to: CP Head of Marketing
The Role: Director of Strategy, Data & Insights
The Director of Strategy, Data and Insights will be responsible for gathering, interpreting and synthesizing and distributing insights and analysis to advise the consumer business unit on best-in-class marketing strategies that drive growth. This proactive and shopper-centric leader will be responsible for sharing unique LTK insights across the CP Marketing team, making strategic investment recommendations to grow daily active users (DAUs), and will oversee the implementation of media MarTech to drive and measure conversion.
Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:
Establish quarterly goals, KPIs and OKRs for CP teams using historical data and predictive analytics; with a focus on paid media measurement and organic channel measurement/halo-impact.
Partner with CP Marketing leaders and SMEs, to identify short- and long-term strategic plans and recommendations to drive DAUs, GMV and/or offset risk.
Lead the selection and implementation of media MarTech to support consumer and creator investment initiatives; including segmentation tools, ad-servers, and measurement platforms.
Effectively make a prediction, provide it out with data, and tell a cohesive story with insights the company can use.
Develop analysis from internal and external data sources, develop competitive benchmarking, and identify trends and disruptive market shifts that support user growth by way of Creators.
Consider and analyze strategic questions that are core to our business.
Engage with senior leadership on business challenges and present frameworks, insights and findings to help the company move forward confidently.
Drive innovation in dashboard offerings, partnering with the Consumer Insights team.
Operate with a deep, empathetic understanding of our customers.
Champion team development and expansion across the organization.
Partner with stakeholders to pilot new initiatives/opportunities, measure results, and optimize outcomes.
Participate as an active member of the extended leadership team by communicating challenges, opportunities and proposed solutions.
Measures:
Monthly strategic insights (and distribution)
Customer segmentation based on identified strategies
Daily Active Users (at the source level)
Overall GMV
Professional Characteristics:
Experience driving consumer marketing strategies and proven in delivering strategies that have profoundly improved business thru digital marketing.
Able to dig deep into the data and present a compelling and clear insight/outcome.
Consistently delivers world-class insights from primary and secondary research.
Customer-first mindset. Deeply understands the needs and sales funnel of the shopper.
Natural self-starter, excited to manage and continue building world-class scalable service at a high growth company.
Experience in the retail, B2C, or 3-sided marketplace industries (such as UBER, LYFT, Doordash, etc) is a plus!
Exceptionally strong project management skills.
Strong collaborator who can build key connections.
Analytical approach to decision making.

Requirements:
8+ years of experience in data science, strategic marketing or digital media; with an efficiency on social media platforms.
Proven ability to communicate insights and data to broad audiences (senior leadership to individual contributors).
Ability to run sophisticated engagements and developing analytical frameworks.
Ability to analyze and test hypotheses.
Experience in the field of digital marketing; experience with influencer marketing preferred.
Bachelor's Degree in Business; MBA preferred but not required.
Experience with apps and/or SaaS preferred.
SQL experience preferred
Advanced MS Excel skills (Data modeling, advanced formulas, pivot tables, SUMIFS, COUNTIFS, INDEX/MATCH, etc.)
Track record for building and growing support organizations characterized by customer-centricity and high productivity.
Strong empathy for customers; employs a customer approach at all times.
Strong analytical skills; ability to interpret business intelligence to develop strategy and make recommendations.
Acute attention to detail, allowing you to think big, adapt quickly, and act fast.
Thrives in a demanding, fast-paced environment.
Excellent communication skills and presentation skills.

What's in it for you as an employee of LTK?
Interesting problems to solve
Competitive comp and benefits including medical, dental, and vision
Paid Maternity and Paternity Leave
Wellness benefits including workout from home with our live Virtual Fitness Classes!
401k retirement plan with LTK matching contribution
Flexible work schedule plus Summer Fridays (Workday ends at 3pm)
Virtual Company Happy Hours and Virtual Team Events!
Disrupting the retail industry!
What you have to look forward to when you work or visit for team huddles at a LTK Office:
Fully stocked bars and kitchen (free snacks all day!)
Catered meals weekly
Monthly Chair massages
Laidback office environment
Monthly themed Happy Hours!
Free access to state of the art gym while working in or visiting our Dallas HQ
Free Covered Parking on-site while working in or visiting our Dallas HQ
About Us
LTK is the largest global influencer marketing platform. Founded in 2011 by Amber Venz Box and Baxter Box, the company's mission is to empower the world's premium lifestyle creators to be as economically successful as possible.
Now in its 10th year, LTK has grown to become a three-sided marketplace, serving creators, brands and shoppers. In November 2021, LTK announced a $300 million investment by SoftBank Vision Fund 2 that values the company at $2 billion.
LTK is the most trusted and effective business-enablement platform for creators, powering their universal LTK Creator Shops™. More than 5,000 retailers employ the LTK Brand Platform for performance-driven campaigns, paid collaborations and content licensing, and invested more than $1 billion in influencer marketing through the LTK platform by summer 2021.
Shoppers purchase more than $3 billion in products annually on the LTK platform and app. LTK is headquartered in Dallas, TX with teams in the UK, Brazil, France, Germany, Australia, China and South Korea and clients in more than 100 countries.

For US-Based Roles: We are not offering new sponsorships opportunities at this time for persons requiring employment visas, such as an H-1B; authorization to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment.
Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of LTK are considered the property of LTK and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
LTK is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
#LI-Remote
