Leading the future in luxury electric and mobility
At Lucid, we set out to introduce the most captivating, luxury electric vehicles that elevate the human experience and transcend the perceived limitations of space, performance, and intelligence. Vehicles that are intuitive, liberating, and designed for the future of mobility.
We plan to lead in this new era of luxury electric by returning to the fundamentals of great design – where every decision we make is in service of the individual and environment. Because when you are no longer bound by convention, you are free to define your own experience.
Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you.

Put your education to work and take us to the next level.
Lucid's Digital organization recently opened a number of jobs tailored specifically for recent MS graduates who are looking to learn, grow and get in on the ground floor of our rapidly accelerating start-up. Working alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry, you will use your graduate level experience in ML, Analytics & AI to advance this decade's most exciting brand in automotive.

Bring your fresh ideas and collaboration skill. Bring your compassion for the environment. Bring your thirst for creating something that actually matters. They will all be nurtured here.

You pursued a MS degree for a reason. Let Lucid help you use it by driving to create a better, more sustainable future.

The Role
The Data Science and Machine Learning team at Lucid leads the mission to design, develop, and deploy AI solutions to help make safe and sustainable products and services on par with Lucid’s Luxury brand. Data generated by electric vehicles is rich and diverse and driving insight from them is a very exciting and challenging task. This opportunity involves defining the path to discover trends, patterns and hidden insights from data while collaborating with the most brilliant talents in the automotive industry to build AI and Machine Learning products. Here’s a bit more about what you’ll be doing in this role,

Work on state-of-the-art large-scale data science and machine learning projects
Use mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using data. Translate analysis results into business recommendations.
Extract actionable insights from broad, open-ended questions.
Partner with other data scientist and machine learning engineers to identify and articulate opportunities across the company and adapt analytics, machine learning and data mining algorithms to solve problems across several engineering and business domains.
Use quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what can improve our processes.
Engage broadly with the organization to identify, prioritize, frame, and structure complex and ambiguous engineering challenges, where advanced analytics, AI and machine learning can have the biggest impact.

Office location at Newark, California, or Beaverton, Oregon.
Qualifications
2+ years programming in Python, and SQL.
Graduate level research or coursework in one or more of the following topics: Statistics, Anomaly detection and signal processing, time-series data analysis and modeling, Conventional Machine Learning methods, Statistical Learning, Computer Vision, Deep learning, CNNs, Natural Language Processing (NLP), text mining, sentiment analysis, etc.
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch, Caffe, MXNet, etc.
Relevant knowledge of applying advanced analytics, statistics, and data mining techniques.
Familiarity with data presentation and visualization with tools such as Tableau, Grafana, PowerBI, and other similar tools.
Nice to Haves
Relevant experience in EV or Automotive, Transportation and autonomous driving is a plus
Experience with telematics data analytics and decision modeling is a plus
Experience with big data platforms such as Spark/Hadoop, Presto, and Hive is a huge plus
Hands-on experience with cloud computing and HPC or other cloud and distributed platforms e.g. Airflow, Kubernetes, Kubeflow, MLFlow, etc. is a huge plus
Education Requirements
MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical engineering, Data Analytics or Statistics.
At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.

Notice regarding COVID-19 protocols
At Lucid, we prioritize the health and wellbeing of our employees, families, and friends above all else. In response to the novel Coronavirus all new Lucid employees, whose job will be based in the United States may or may not be required to provide original documentation confirming status as having received the prescribed inoculation (doses). Vaccination requirements are dependent upon location and position, please refer to the job description for more details.
Individuals in positions requiring vaccinations may seek a medical and/or religious exemption from this requirement and may be granted such an accommodation after submitting a formal request to and the subsequent review and approval thereof by our dedicated Covid-19 Response team.
To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
