Company Description

Hi there! We’re Razorfish. We’ve been leading the marketing industry with our digital expertise since the start of the internet. But in 2020, we did a full reboot. What’s different? It all starts with people. Weird, wonderful, complex people - with diverse backgrounds in strategy, creative and technology. But no matter how different we are, we all have one thing in common. We believe our differences are our strengths. So we push for inclusion, challenge convention and bring in new perspectives, to inspire new ideas. Because when we connect by understanding what makes people different, we can create unforgettable experiences that enrich lives. Join us at razorfish.com.

Job Description

Razorfish is seeking a full-time Associate Director of Analytics, preferably based out of New York. Candidates should be proficient in digital/website KPI frameworks, reporting, insight, and analysis. Day-to-day instruments include Adobe Analytics and Excel/PowerPoint.
Responsibilities:
Analysis & Insights:
Oversee multiple tracks of reporting, including multiple client lines of business
Manage up to 4 analysts responsible for day-to-day reporting in those tracks
Analyze website performance data (overall trends, clickstream, pathing, UX) to uncover meaningful insights, across a variety of global markets for a prominent e-commerce site
Build ad-hoc analyses as needed to unearth page, experience, or market-level learnings
Independently prioritize analytical needs of team and business, based on complexity, timing, and visibility
Effectively communicate complex ideas to primary client contacts, both verbally and in writing
Use website data to create compelling stories and succinct narratives to inform optimal site design and performance
Partner with paid and owned media teams to understand strategy and effects on website performance

Qualifications
The applicant should have at least 5-8 years of work experience in a business environment, with a minimum of 2 years successfully working with or adjacent to websites, such as in digital media or an intensively client-focused model such as an external consulting or marketing services firm
Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Statistics, or equivalent experience
2+ years Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics experience
A storyteller, be able to make sense of data and extrapolate meaningful and actionable insights
Experience in creating and delivering presentations using PowerPoint
Experience multiple areas below preferred:
Implementation of website tagging or tag management systems (Adobe Launch, Google Tag Manager, etc)
SQL querying
Paid or owned media campaign knowledge that would drive to a website
Advertising (both online and offline)
Website design/customer experience

Additional Information

The Power of One starts with our people! To do powerful things, we offer powerful resources. Our best-in-class wellness and benefits offerings include:
Paid Family Care for parents and caregivers for 12 weeks or more
Monetary assistance and support for Adoption, Surrogacy and Fertility
Monetary assistance and support for pet adoption
Employee Assistance Programs and Health/Wellness/Comfort reimbursements to help you invest in your future and work/life balance
Tuition Assistance
Paid time off that includes Flexible Time off Vacation, Annual Sick Days, Volunteer Days, Holiday and Identity days, and more
Matching Gifts programs
Flexible working arrangements
‘Work Your World’ Program encouraging employees to work from anywhere Publicis Groupe has an office for up to 6 weeks a year (based upon eligibility)
Business Resource Groups that support multiple affinities and alliances
The benefits offerings listed are available to eligible U.S. Based employees, are reviewed on an annual basis, and are governed by the terms of the applicable plan documents.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Compensation Range: $106,500 - $179,000. This is the pay range the Company believes it will pay for this position at the time of this posting. Consistent with applicable law, compensation will be determined based on the skills, qualifications, and experience of the applicant along with the requirements of the position, and the Company reserves the right to modify this pay range at any time. For this role, the Company will offer medical coverage, dental, vision, disability, 401k, and paid time off
