The Challenge:
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open-up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors from fraud detection to cancer research, to national intelligence, you know the answers are in the data.
We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve Data Science and AI in the DoD. You’ll work closely with your client to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, lead technical teams, engage, and work closely with stakeholders to bring data science and machine learning application to fruition, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your client with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. This position is a hybrid role with a combination of working at a Booz Allen office or client site and working remotely.
Join us as we use data science for good in the DoD.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
4+ years of experience with business analytics, project analytics, or data science
2+ years of experience successfully managing teams, including staff development and maintaining quality delivery
2+ years of experience in advanced data science topics, including big data analysis, predictive algorithms, machine learning tools and development, data engineering, and robotic process automation
Experience with programming languages, including Python, R, and SQL
Experience with data visualization tools, including Tableau and Power BI
Experience within business development activities, including the creation of marketing and proposal material
Ability to work well within in a matrixed, cross-functional, and diverse professional organization
Ability to obtain a security clearance
Bachelor’s degree
Nice If You Have:
5+ years of experience with a large program management project
Experience with earned value, budget management, cost estimation, portfolio management, financials, or risk management
Experience with data gathering, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Experience with Agile project management
Ability to manage client and team relationships
Possession of excellent verbal and written communication skills
Secret clearance
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Compensation:
At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.

The salary for this position will be determined based on various factors. The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 115,000 to 130,000.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to:
access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk
change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition
participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
#LI-AH1
