We are searching for a highly-qualified scientist or engineer with experience in ML (Machine Learning), DL (Deep Learning) and Computer Vision to join a fast-growing AI company that is addressing real-world challenges in the Health Care industry.
Our client has beautiful offices in downtown Ann Arbor. Employees are well compensated, promoted from within and taught new programming languages, techniques and disciplines as part of their jobs. The culture is relaxed. The PTO is generous.
The ideal candidate has worked on a commercial product and has had their work released to customers.
LOCATION
Ann Arbor Michigan
Since this role deals with Personal Health Information, candidates are required to perform the majority of their work onsite.
COMPENSATION
$90K to $130K (potentially higher for an excellent-fit candidate). Excellent, comprehensive benefits.
Some relocation assistance available for a highly qualified candidate.
EDUCATION
Computer Science or engineering degree
REQUIRED SKILLS FOR MACHINE LEARNING SCIENTIST
Minimum of 3 years' commercial experience using machine learning
Proficiency with Python development.
Solid experience with computer vision
Experience with data noise removal, data augmentation, dataset truthing and construction
Expertise in visualizing and manipulating large datasets
Proficiency with a deep learning library (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Keras) and deployment of models across languages a plus
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING WOULD BE BENEFICIAL
Experience working with x-ray images or in the medical domain
Experience with deployment of models across languages
RESPONSIBILITIES IN THIS ROLE MAY INCLUDE
Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track progress
Analyzing deep learning algorithms that could be used to solve a problem and ranking them by their success probability
Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world
Verifying data quality and/or ensuring it via data cleaning
Defining validation strategies
Training models and tuning hyperparameters
Analyzing errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them
TAGS
Machine Learning | ML | Deep Learning | DL | Computer Vision | Java | Python | PyTorch | TensorFlow | Keras | 3833-I
To view more opportunities, please visit stoutsystems.com/jobs.
Don't see what you want? Subscribe to our job announcement service www.stoutsystems.com/sign-up.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Ability to commute/relocate:
Ann Arbor, MI 48106: Reliably commute or willing to relocate with an employer-provided relocation package (Required)
Work Location: One location
