Magnit’s Client Services team is looking for a consulting-caliber Business Analyst professional to join our team. The individual needs to work well in both an autonomous role and a team setting. We are looking for someone with a desire to learn and enhance their skills, an internal drive to excel, and an interest in developing their career within a fast-paced organization. The analyst would be dedicated to a global account.
The position requires an analytical thinker who is comfortable working with large data sets and has the ability to translate that data into a story. The position requires an advanced level of skill with Microsoft Excel and a working knowledge of Microsoft Powerpoint. The analyst will partner with the Client Services account team and the dedicated Magnit Strategic Advisory team members assigned to the account to analyze data and service trends.

Primary Responsibilities
Apply critical thinking and advanced Microsoft Excel and dashboard data to provide analytical support for client requests
Identify trends in large datasets that will enable the client to adjust strategic direction
Create detail-oriented presentations designed to inform client management of quarterly achievements of their contingent labor program
Create data visualizations and supported data stories that enable the reader to quickly reach actionable conclusions
Perform research to identify trends, interpret legislative news, and create market rate recommendations
Work with internal and external customers to deliver on-target, value-added solutions and results to complex and strategic challenges
Identify areas for process improvement, both strategic and tactical
Build relationships with key client personnel
Work independently in detail-oriented environment
Minimum Qualifications
BA/BS. A concentration or major in Accounting/Finance, Math, HR/Procurement, and/or Economics would be a nice to have.
2-5+ years work experience in staffing, the MSP industry, or in an accounting/analytically-focused role
Proven ability to deliver complex analysis, reconciliations, and reports
Advanced Excel skills (including expert knowledge in using lookup tables, pivot tables, if statements, etc)
Proficient at MS Powerpoint
Experience in dashboard creation, visual analytics, and/or other business intelligence reporting tools a plus
Experience in delivering and positioning value-added client/ business services
Experience in performing in-depth research and presenting findings
Commitment to internal and external customer service
Must be a team player
Working Conditions
Business casual corporate attire (could vary depending on client visits). Remote location. Busy, fun, and team-oriented environment. Sitting, bending, stooping, heavy phone use and face-to-face contact. Heavy office machine use. There will be some travel expected, but negotiable.
