You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.
With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.
At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.
Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.
How we serve our customers is constantly evolving and is a challenge we gladly accept. Whether you’re finding new ways to prevent identity fraud or enabling customers to start a new business, you can work with one of the most valuable data sets in the world to identify insights and actions that can have a meaningful impact on our customers and our business. And, with opportunities to learn from leaders who have defined the course of our industry, you can grow your career and define your own path.
How will you make an impact in this role?
This role will report to Director, Data Science with main responsibilities including:
Design, develop and implement models for emerging opportunities with Machine Learning techniques.
Communicate model algorithms and results to senior leaders and business partners.
R&D on new Machine Learning techniques and their applications in risk management.
Minimum Qualifications
Advanced degree in quantitative field related to machine learning, such as Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, or Operation Research, is required
Master at least one popular programming language (e.g., Python/R, Java, Scala, C++).
Hands-on experience in machine learning algorithm development or application
Experience in large data processing and handling.
Ability to work independently yet being a team player.
Strong communication skills, able to explain complex algorithm and results to business partners in simple terms.
Ability to work in a dynamic, cross-functional environment, with a strong attention to detail.
Preferred Qualifications
Familiar with big data platform and its applications, such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, and Spark.
Familiarity with credit card industry is a plus.
Salary Range: $90,000.00 to $165,000.00 annually + bonus + benefits
The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.
American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.
We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.
US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Considerations for sponsorship:
Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions.
