The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation is a leading healthcare nonprofit organization like no other. For decades, we have been taking major steps and pioneering new ways to find a cure for cystic fibrosis.
We are the global leader in the search for a cure for cystic fibrosis and nearly every CF drug and therapy available today was made possible because of CF Foundation support. We did this not only for the more than 30,000 people living in the U.S. with CF – and the estimated 70,000 people worldwide – but for the families who have worked tirelessly to find a cure for their loved ones living with CF.
These achievements have required dedication and unwavering commitment from a talented team of CF Foundation employees. We have created an environment that attracts - and retains - a diverse group of talented people who are passionate about changing the face of this disease. Join us and you will partner with colleagues of varying backgrounds and expertise, all united in our mission.
Job Description
The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation (CF Foundation) and its employees embrace their commitment to its core values. These core values are the pillars on which the CF Foundation stand and will continue to sustain us as we move forward.
Keep sight of what really matters: Our decisions are based on what is best for people with cystic fibrosis and their families.
Aspire for excellence in all we do: We take pride in our work. We are committed to continuous learning and improvement.
Stronger together: We collaborate and work together so that we can learn more and achieve more.
Innovate with courage: We embrace challenges. We reach beyond boundaries in pursuit of our vision.
Care about our people: We deeply care about each other and all who support our shared mission. We listen with respect. We support one another.
We are a nonprofit, donor-supported organization that has raised and invested billions of dollars to help develop cystic fibrosis therapies that have changed the lives of people with this disease. Nearly every CF medicine available today was made possible because of Foundation support.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Collaboratively create and implement a vision for how to collect, manage, maintain, and store new and existing data assets with the CF Foundation’s existing data sources.
Evaluate the strategic value of novel data from sources such as electronic medical records (EMRs), patient-reported measures, and remote monitoring data (including data from wearable devices) to advance CFF’s mission.
Support and advise a multi-year data roadmap implementation team with prioritizing data solutions and technology development.
Work to identify new partners to enhance research and care-related opportunities that advance the CF Foundation’s mission and lead implementation of a strategy to facilitate access and optimize maintenance of these data sources.
Lead the integration planning of novel data sources with the existing CF Foundation Patient Registry.
Develop and refine new policies and procedures for data management and governance for new data assets with the new digital/data ecosystem.
Collaborate with the CF Foundation’s intramural research group and the Biostatistics Director to identify analyses needed to support ongoing review of data for research purposes as part of the data roadmap implementation.
Work with CF Foundation leadership and external advisors to identify opportunities and prioritize projects that can be built into the new data ecosystem and infrastructure.
Remain current on advances in data use technology and solutions within healthcare.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED:
Bachelor’s degree required with 10+ years of translational experience in medical informatics, technology, data, or analytical roles. PhD, MD, or other graduate level or healthcare degree highly desirable.
Prior experience with implementing a multi-year, strategic data roadmap that creates new data solutions and drives measurable results in research and positive healthcare outcomes.
Experience designing registries and working with other large observational data sets, ideally in a healthcare, academic or non-profit research setting (e.g., large cohort studies or clinical trials, electronic medical records, or claims data sets).
Experience with data management, visualization, and analysis of large health care-related or electronic medical record data sets.
Familiarity with complex data processing methods such as real-time and distributed data processing, and text mining or natural language processing is desirable.
Experience with longitudinal or complex data analysis (such as causal inference, machine learning/AI, predictive modeling, etc.) is preferred, but not required.
Superb written and verbal communication skills.
Strategic thinker that has a track record of supporting and advancing a long term, organizational data strategy.
REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS:
Reports to Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President of Clinical Affairs.
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, and temperature.
Travel to meetings and other events as necessary. Includes car, air, train, and overnight stays.
The above is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of essential functions, responsibilities or requirements.
Total Rewards: The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation is committed to offering competitive compensation (base pay and incentive), benefits, and professional development opportunities that maximize our ability to recruit, retain, reward, and motivate a highly-qualified and diverse workforce. Our comprehensive benefits package includes medical, dental, and vision coverage; generous time-off and leave policies; a holistic well-being program; health savings and flexible spending accounts; employer-provided life and disability insurance; retirement savings benefits; and a variety of work-life benefits to support employees and their family members.
The CF Foundation is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. We strive to recruit and maintain a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, physical or mental disability, color, religious creed, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, sex, marital status, genetic information or testing, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran or any characteristic protected by law.
Reasonable Accommodation: The CF Foundation is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or would like to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at HROps@cff.org.
Job Type: Full-time
