Airbnb is a mission-driven company dedicated to helping create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. It takes a unified team committed to our core values to achieve this goal. Airbnb's various functions embody the company's innovative spirit and our fast-moving team is committed to leading as a 21st century company.
Airbnb has become a platform that connects travelers and hosts from over 81,000 cities around the globe. To power that community, Airbnb is building a world-class payments platform that currently supports over 190 countries, 70+ currencies, connects dozens of payment providers, and transmits billions of dollars per year.
Our goal? To empower people and communities to participate in our global marketplace and innovate on a future where payments on Airbnb can be completely trusted, transparent, and simple. As our platform grows, the payments team is building a scalable foundation to support global scale, helping the company grow by bringing new markets and demographics to the platform, protecting our community from bad actors, and enabling new business products to thrive by providing easy to use and trusted payment experience. Our data science team is working to provide statistical insights and intelligent data products that will enable us to scale our platform and empower our entrepreneurs all around the world.
About the Role:
We are looking for a passionate data scientist to identify and execute scalable ways to improve our platform's payment experience and to bring a scientific approach to product decision making. This data scientist will perform careful hypothesis generation, causal inference testing, and model development that will drive payment strategies on our platform. Our Inference Data Scientists have deep understanding of causal framework development, statistical analysis/modeling, and the complications of running experiment/quasi-experimental methods in a two-sided marketplace. They also have keen business sense and are able to utilize their findings to inform and drive our product roadmap. Examples of projects you may work on include, development of novel metrics and framework to identify and remediate payment problems, quantification of the impact and informing the structure of new payment products, and building models to optimize guest, host, and business outcomes.
Responsibilities:
Define novel metrics and their relationships to measure business success.
Work with cross-functional partners to design and execute controlled experiment/quasi-experimental methods to quantify the effects of product changes.
Develop methodologies to explore and exploit growth opportunities and build data products to optimize product/operational strategies in the payments sphere.
Help our business partners understand metric trade-offs and influence business decisions.
Qualifications:
An ideal candidate should possess a good balance of statistical/technical skills, business acumen, and communication skills. A driven individual who's keen to solve hard business problems is desired.
5+ years in industry experience and a Master's degree/PhD in a quantitative field
Skilled in statistical programming (Python or R) and database usage (SQL)
Deep knowledge of casual frameworks (including experimentation and quasi-experimental methods) and statistical modeling
Ability to solve business problems by identifying and using appropriate methods and models
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to cross functional partners of varying technical levels and drive impact
Ability to translate complex findings and results into a compelling narrative
Payments/Risk domain expertise is a strong plus
The starting base pay for this role is between $152,000 and $202,500. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: education, experience, and skills. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Belonging & Accommodations
Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com.
