Our Company: PharmaCord is a leading provider in specialty drug patient support services. We are committed to enhancing the patient experience on therapy by providing them with compassionate support throughout their journey to better health.
We accomplish this through our world class technology and our talented team of benefit specialists, nurses, pharmacists, case managers, data scientists, pharmacy techs, program managers, and other incredibly talented team members. We are PharmaCord, a purpose-driven organization on a rapid growth journey.
For additional information about our Company, visit our careers page at www.pharmacord.com/careers
Our Team: Our teams at PharmaCord are highly motivated and passionate for providing the highest quality customer support to our patients. We look for individuals interested in growing with our company and working in an exciting, open and collegial work environment.
Summary:
The Business Intelligence Analyst/ SQL Developer will be responsible for developing reports and dashboards in Microsoft Power BI and writing SQL queries and procedures to support those reports and dashboards. The Business Intelligence Analyst/ SQL Developer will also work on development that deals with sending and receiving flat file data feeds (inbound and outbound) or creating ad-hoc reports by writing SQL queries. This is a “hands-on” position requiring solid technical skills, as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills, since you will be working directly with pharmaceutical clients as well as internal business users. Must be capable of working independently and collaboratively.
Responsibilities:
The Business Intelligence Analyst/ SQL Developer responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:
Work on developing innovative visualizations in Microsoft Power BI as well as SQL queries or procedures to feed those visualizations, which ultimately comprise the report or dashboard used by clients.
Create custom reports and modify existing queries and reports to enhance organizational productivity or supply data to clients
Perform predictive modeling, data analysis, correlation analysis, and regression analysis as required to glean insights from rich patient data
Analyze existing SQL queries for performance improvements and modifying existing queries as required
Experience with Microsoft Power BI Premium reporting tool or R would be a plus but not required
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of 5 years of professional work experience in a mid-sized or large corporate Information Technology environment.
Exceptional relationship management skills and the ability to build and grow connections with people.
Highly organized and detail-oriented, with the ability to keep multiple projects and client engagements active at once.
Comfort with ambiguity and ability to navigate uncertainty.
All employees working onsite in a PharmaCord facility are strongly encouraged to be vaccinated against COVID-19
We are located in the River Ridge Commerce Center at 150 Hilton Drive, Jeffersonville, IN. You must be willing to work in this location; PharmaCord does reimburse for tolls if applicable, at the frequent user rate. This rate is applied after 40 trips per month (valued at $624.00 per year)
Physical Demands, Work Schedule & Environment:
Occasional local travel may be required with the remaining time dedicated to working at the corporate office. This position is based in Louisville, KY/Jeffersonville, IN and would expect the candidate to either be local or willing to relocate.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to type, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Must be able to type 35 WPM with 97% accuracy.
Ability to sit for extended periods of time
This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, etc.
Once you land this position, you’ll get to enjoy:
Our Benefits & Perks
Company paid Short-term Disability (STD)
Increased competitive 401(k) company match up to 4%
Affordable Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits - PharmaCord covers 75% of Medical Premiums for our employees
PharmaCord has not increased healthcare premiums in the past 4 years
NEW! Concierge Medical Clinic free of cost for those enrolled in a PharmaCord medical plan (including dependents)
Wellness discounts of up to $260 per year for participation in wellness program
Annual HSA employer contribution
Company paid and voluntary Life Insurance options
Voluntary Life, AD&D and Long-Term Disability Insurances
Paid Parental Leave of Absence
Wellness and Employee Assistance Programs
PTO benefits, flex days and paid holidays
Employee Referral Program
Ambassador Program
Tuition reimbursement program up to $5,000 per year
Competitive Compensation & Flexible Working
Bonuses after the training period
Competitive starting pay rates
Yearly merit increases
Toll reimbursement program (valued at $624.00 per year)
Hybrid opportunities after 6 months (or sooner once proficiency in role is demonstrated)
Multiple shift options between 8 AM and 11 PM Monday - Friday
A Career You'll Love
Working for PharmaCord - voted Best Places to Work in Kentucky for 2019 and 2021
Work for a company that values diversity and makes deliberate efforts to create in inclusive workplace
Opportunities for advancement with a company that supports personal and professional growth
PharmaCord has doubled in size over the last few years and expects to be over 1000 employees by the end of 2023 giving current employees first access to promotional opportunities
A challenging, stimulating work environment that encourages new ideas
Exposure to many learning and development opportunities
Playing a crucial part in the lives of our patients, physicians, and pharmacies by enhancing the patient services experience
Our new state of the art Headquarters building offering many amenities including collaborations spaces, outdoor dining, walking path, marketplace café, and more!
Any offer of employment is contingent on completion of a background check to company standard. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
At PharmaCord, we don’t just accept difference – we celebrate it, support it and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. PharmaCord is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
In order to maintain a safe workplace for our team members, PharmaCord strongly recommends that all employees are vaccinated against COVID-19. PharmaCord is unable to sponsor employees at this time.
Want to learn more about us? Find us on LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Twitter & Facebook!
