By joining our Information Technology Team as a Business Intelligence Developer, you will be able to contribute to the company’s business intelligence strategy, execution, and ongoing support, via the mining of complex datasets for valuable business insight. Because of the complex, custom developed insurance solutions that continue to evolve, we need your help! Working directly with the Database Administration, Infrastructure, Applications Development, and Architecture teams, you will ensure that we deliver consistent, accurate, and meaningful data solutions to our internal organization and customers.
This is an opportunity to work within a high-performance team in designing and implementing data solutions specific to data governance, integration, reporting, and analysis. You will also work with senior leaders, team leaders, end users and other developers to develop data solutions that support USLI teams and USLI customers. You will be able to learn and maintain a general knowledge of all products in the Company’s book of business. Learning the business is fundamental to being successful in this role. You will have the ability to enroll in courses and self-study to keep up with new technologies and new developments in the software development field.
In addition to staying up-to-date with the latest technologies, you will also have breakfast meetings with the CEO, work alongside a friendly and positive team and take part in our many fun company events. You can also take advantage of our full basketball court and 10,000 square foot fitness facility that is fully staffed with certified trainers!
We are a company that cares about its people and support them through mind, body and spirit initiatives and opportunities. We want you to feel #1, and we strive to reach this goal in everything that we do.
Please apply if you have a College degree/technical certifications or equivalent industry/technical experience, and a minimum of 5 years of experience with Business Intelligence technologies: Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS), data warehousing design and operational support, relational and dimensional data modeling, metadata / master data management strategies. Exposure and experience within an Agile/Scrum/Kanban environment and Azure BI cloud technologies desired. Working Hours: 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
At USLI, our goal is to strengthen our community and culture by representing all races, genders, religions and sexual orientations. We continue to move conversations about diversity, equity and inclusion forward to ensure every community member has a sense of belonging, a voice and a seat at the table.
USLI provides full-time community members with a comprehensive benefits package, access to wellness programs, continuing education resources, and multiple opportunities to get involved with charitable organizations.
In response to the COVID19 pandemic, USLI is working toward returning to our physical offices. Our team members are currently working in a hybrid model with the goal of returning to 75% onsite employment for all Community Members (unless job description indicates otherwise) as of June 2023.
2022-064
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Oak Brook, IL 60523
