Optum is a global organization that delivers care, aided by technology to help millions of people live healthier lives. The work you do with our team will directly improve health outcomes by connecting people with the care, pharmacy benefits, data and resources they need to feel their best. Come make an impact on the communities we serve as we help advance health equity on a global scale. Here, you will find talented peers, comprehensive benefits, a culture guided by diversity and inclusion, career growth opportunities and your life's best work.(sm)
Optum Advisory Services is seeking a service-oriented Health System Sr. Business Intelligence Developer to facilitate the expansion of operational insights and adoption of data-driven decision making to support optimization within client health systems. This role will be responsible for leading efforts to liberate data and insights to support operations of the healthcare delivery system.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely * from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Key Activities:
Create and optimize analytics to support data-driven decision making across the organization
Promote the evolution of health system analytics to increase insight generation, root-cause identification, and best-practice adoption
Evaluate opportunities to adopt sophisticated analytical models that enable insights and clear actionability to support organizational goals
Create processes and accountability for the continuous rationalization of the health care system’s analytics portfolio
Design and implement content curation and dissemination best practices tailored to all levels of decision making (i.e. from real-time tactical decision making to long-term health system strategy)
Lead the effort to create analytics that supports effective decision making across all health system sites of care and locations
Partner with analytical platform teams to ensure accuracy and efficiency in aggregation and alignment of foundational data assets needed to power operational analytics
Partner with other domain leaders to infuse operational insights into the decision-making process for clinical, operational, financial, growth, and other focus areas
Primary Responsibilities:
Lead efforts to create new analytical insights and capabilities related to operational effectiveness, quality, outcomes, performance, and other related areas
Partner with analytics principals to create solutions that effectively support all known requirements and effectively answer the relevant questions about performance and opportunities for optimization
Support prioritization efforts of competing business needs across the health system considering resource availability
Act as a subject matter expert in the best practices of content curation and analytical storytelling for health system operations reporting and analytics
Ensure effective documentation processes throughout all the entire analytical lifecycle
Create content onboarding and rollout strategies that promote the adoption and utilization of new analytical tools, products, or capabilities
Partner with analytical platform teams, data engineering, and data governance to support analytical best-practices and common standards

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience
3+ years of experience creating and deploying analytics using Business Intelligence tools, including data visualization, developing reports/dashboards, and self-service data tools
2+ years of experience within a health care delivery system (e.g. hospitals, medical groups, post-acute care organizations, physician practices, ambulatory surgical centers, etc.)
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in SDLC specifically as it pertains to business intelligence platforms
Experience with EHR data models and reporting platform capabilities
Experience in the health care ecosystem, including understanding the relationship between payers and providers, and how analytics enables transformation
Experience and credibility interacting with all levels of leadership
Experience creating advanced analytical methodologies or algorithms
Working knowledge of key health management related areas, e.g. network management, value-based care, population health, quality, compliance, provider engagement, etc.
Ability to manage multiple initiatives or projects
Ability to communicate complex concepts verbally and in writing
Willingness to travel up to 10%

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Careers with Optum. Our objective is to make health care simpler and more effective for everyone. With our hands at work across all aspects of health, you can play a role in creating a healthier world, one insight, one connection and one person at a time. We bring together some of the greatest minds and ideas to take health care to its fullest potential, promoting health equity and accessibility. Work with diverse, engaged and high-performing teams to help solve important challenges.
Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, or New York City Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut/Nevada/New York City residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
*All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
