Overview:
This position works under the direction of the Manager, Business Intelligence Developer and works closely with developers and other subject-matter experts (SMEs) including physicians and clinical operations staff. The BI Developer is responsible for creating and optimizing T-SQL queries that power Lone Star Circle of Care (LSCC)’s suite of reports and analyses.
Responsibilities:
Analyze various types of technical and healthcare data, processes and systems.
Manage relationships with key stakeholders across the business.
Create comprehensive documentation for new development, updates, and enhancements.
Write and optimize T-SQL scripts.
Have a clear understanding of data and end user workflows to validate accurate results and reconcile discrepancies.
Develop Dashboards and other forms of data visualization using MS Power BI and Power Apps.
Support existing and create new Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) processes.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION, AND LICENSE:

Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Sciences, Epidemiology, or similar.
Demonstrated excellence in the technical skills required in one or more higher level programming languages (specifically SQL and/or a statistical or object-oriented language).
Strong Excel and MS Office suite skills.
Develop over time a strong working knowledge of the healthcare data types used most often in clinical quality metrics (e.g. ICD, CPT, NDC, etc.).

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION, AND LICENSE:

Two (2) years of T-SQL experience with a strong emphasis on Reporting and Aggregating.
Graduate degree or equivalent experience in related field.
Experience using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) or similar report tools
Experience with process improvement/automation (VBA, PowerShell, Python, C#)
Statistics experience (particularly experience with R or SAS)
Experience with data visualization software such as Power BI tools highly preferred.
Experience explaining data analyses to cross-functional teams who are not focused on analytical work.
Working knowledge of healthcare terminology and structured vocabularies (e.g. ICD, CPT, NDC, etc.)
Knowledge of data warehousing highly preferred.
Experience with Collaboration tools like SharePoint or MS Teams.
