Company Description

It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.
Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.
Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.

Job Description

Machine Learning at Cash App has swiftly grown to become a central function of the business, with over 120 people working on solving some of the most cutting edge ML questions in FinTech. Our team is continuing to grow and we’re looking for Engineers with experience developing ML pipelines and infrastructure to join us and build out the next generation platform to power use cases across the company. Across the team, we employ methods ranging from simple heuristics to Deep Learning technology to improve our performance and services. We’re also excited to explore new directions with the team to continue pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.
Our ML Engineers operate embedded in product-focused Workstreams and work in close collaboration with Data Scientists, ML Modelers and Software Engineers from across Cash App.
Problems you’d work on:
Design elegant ML pipelines and services as well as prototype new approaches and productionize solutions at scale for our 36+ million active users
Create a world class platform for training, hosting and maintaining ML models
Apply ML and engineering best practices to shape how Cash App develops, tests and maintains ML-platform solutions
Help design and execute our long-term Machine Learning strategy across Cash App

Qualifications

You have:
A degree/background in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field. A graduate degree is a nice to have
3+ years of experience in software development and demonstrated technical initiative and leadership on previous projects
Curiosity and a passion for Cash App's mission of economic empowerment
Experience helping your teammates grow through mentorship and providing constructive feedback
A desire to be hands-on and help invent the future of AI
The ability to work autonomously in the rapidly evolving world of ML
Experience or knowledge in ML is helpful but not a prerequisite: if you are a solid software engineer, then we are happy to train you up in the mysterious ways of ML
Stack:
We value general engineering skill and versatility over existing domain knowledge, but here’s a sample of what we currently use:
Python, Java and Kotlin
Tensorflow and PyTorch
AWS, GCP, and Kubernetes
MySQL, DynamoDB, Kafka, Apache Beam and Google DataFlow

Additional Information

Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.

Zone A: USD $167,300 - USD $204,500
Zone B: USD $158,900 - USD $194,300
Zone C: USD $150,600 - USD $184,000
Zone D: USD $142,200 - USD $173,800
To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information.
Benefits include the following:
Healthcare coverage
Retirement Plans including company match
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Wellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance
Paid parental and caregiving leave
Paid time off
Learning and Development resources
Paid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits
Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources
This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.
