Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
NIKE is a technology company. From our flagship website and five-star mobile apps to developing products, managing big data and providing leading edge engineering and systems support, our teams at NIKE Global Technology exist to revolutionize the future at the confluence of tech and sport. We invest and develop advances in technology and employ the most creative people in the world, and then give them the support to constantly innovate, iterate and serve consumers more directly and personally. Our teams are innovative, diverse, multidisciplinary and collaborative, taking technology into the future and bringing the world with it.
Who are we looking for:
As a Sr. Machine Learning Engineer within the AI/ML team, you will be applying robust sophisticated analytics to directly impact the business. In this role, you will work within a cross-disciplinary (data/API/infra/infosec/ML) team to seek out opportunities to advise data-driven decision making across multiple organizations. You will be working at the intersection of ML and engineering (i.e., MLOps) to deliver innovative and high-quality services which power Nike. You will work with others who are energized by the challenge of building things from the ground up, thinking out of the box, and applying the newest technologies, and Artificial Intelligence models at a global scale.
Our teams enjoy a collaborative and academic environment which develops and shares new skills, flourishes with mentoring, and is driven to deliver knowledge and software back to the analytics and engineering communities both within Nike and at-large. Our team culture is cultivated by intellectual curiosity, fun and diversity.
Who will you work with:
AI/ML is one of the key groups within Enterprise Data and Analytics, and we have been chartered to help scale machine learning across Nike. One way we accomplish this is by bringing cross-disciplinary teams of data scientists and engineers to areas of the business which are early in their analytics journey. For areas of the business which are more mature and already have data science teams, we help scale machine learning by providing squads of engineers to increase the velocity of those data science teams in delivering value to the business. We work closely with our platform and architecture partners to develop capabilities which help machine learning scale easier at Nike (e.g. model management, A/B testing, feature stores). This role reports directly to the Manager, Supply & Inventory AIML Engineering.
Essential Job Functions:
Serve as an integral member of a multi-functional engineering team that delivers solutions unlocking machine learning for Nike. You will analyze and profile data to uncover insights in support of scalable solutions, clean, prepare and verify the integrity of data for analysis and model creation. You’ll also track model accuracy, ensuring model relevance and reliability. You will apply a variety of machine learning and collaborative filtering methods to data sets. You will aid in building APIs and software libraries that support the integration of models.
Demonstrate your prior experience, knowledge of industry trends, and personal creativity to develop, as an individual contributor, new and innovative solutions which delight our customers in their mission to serve Athletes*.
Stay ahead of industry trends and recommend relevant technologies & products in the areas of Analytics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Science tools and other emerging technologies. Given the rapid pace of change in technology and machine learning today, always be pushing the boundary of what’s possible and be on the offense always.
Embrace and embody Nike’s core values (maxims) in your work and interactions with peers and partners. Communicate optimally, building trust and strong relationships across the company, do the right thing.
What you bring to Nike:
Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Business Management or related technical subject area or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Deep understanding of Machine Learning, its application, and the effective use of a ML lifecycle; including an ability to articulate the role of MLOps in model development from experimentation to production and measurement
An ability to meaningfully communicate, written, orally, and visually, technical topics with peers and articulate the benefits and tradeoffs of various solutions
Strong experiential understanding of data structures, algorithms, and data solutions
Expertise in applying Python and SQL
Familiarity with ETL, ML, or analytics technologies such as Scikit-learn, Dask, Tensorflow, Kubeflow, Spark, EMR, or similar platforms and frameworks
Awareness of data science platforms (like Databricks or SageMaker), distributed engines (like Spark and AWS cloud), and CI/CD pipelines and containerization are preferred
Fluency in the application of open-source technologies and the potential of standardized platforms in the area of Data Science, AI, & ML.
Remote Work Option – Open to remote work except cannot work in South Dakota, Vermont, and West Virginia. These candidates will be required to relocate.
For employees based in Colorado, this position has an annual base salary range of $121,000 - $182,000
For employees based in NYC and Westchester County, NY, this position has an annual base salary range of $144,500 - $217,000.
Information about benefits
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
