No email inquires - please apply online for consideration: https://grnh.se/117500d94us
About Kintsugi
Kintsugi is on a mission to scale access to mental healthcare for all. We are developing novel voice biomarker software to detect signs of depression and anxiety from short clips of free form speech. Awarded multiple distinctions for AI technology and recently named one of Forbes’ Top 50 AI companies to watch in 2022, Kintsugi helps to close mental health care gaps across risk-bearing health systems, ultimately saving time and lives.
At Kintsugi, we believe that mental health is just as important as physical health. We exist to ensure that everyone who needs mental healthcare has access to the right care at the right time.
See mental health differently with Kintsugi.
To learn more: https://www.kintsugihealth.com
About the Team
We’re the wearer of many hats dedicated to helping communities find access to mental health. Our mission is ambitious, and each member of our team has an important role to play in helping us realize it. Meet some of the team members who you will learn and grow alongside here.
The Role
You will be part of the Machine Learning (ML) team and contribute to building robust, production-ready models. You will leverage our extensive speech dataset while experimenting with a multitude of deep-learning architectures to explore state-of-the-art speech analysis methods to solve a variety of classification and regression tasks. Working alongside our cloud engineering team, you will help deploy these models and ensure they stay performant in a wide range of customer-facing applications.
Responsibilities
Design and implement ML models to predict signs of anxiety and depression from speech in a reproducible fashion
Integrate with our fast paced and highly collaborative engineering and research teams to drive model compute and metric performance improvements
Identify, evaluate and implement technologies to track and improve performance and reliability of our ML systems
Identify sources of bias in our ML models and implement methods to ensure equitable performance
Work with our cloud team to define requirements for production model deployment while balancing compute costs and model performance
Qualifications
M.S./Ph.D. in Computer Science or B.S. with 2+ years of experience in building production-grade machine learning models in industry and/or academic research settings
Strong programming skills in python with extensive experience with the scientific and deep-learning stack (numpy, pandas, numba, torch, tensorflow, jupyter)
A proven track record of building end-to-end neural network models and presenting results to colleagues
Experience optimizing the compute performance of models for production
Ambitious team player with strong communication skills (oral and written)
Experience implementing and experimenting with cutting-edge ML techniques from the literature
Bonus Qualifications
Background in speech processing or audio classification
Experience with experiment tracking and reproducibility tools (MLFlow, WandB, DataBricks, etc)
Experience working in a cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure, etc)
Recent publication(s) in peer-reviewed AI journals
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,894.15 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Remote
