What we're looking for
Stytch is the platform for user authentication. We build infrastructure that sits in the critical path of our customer's applications. As a data engineer, you'll work on designing and building event-driven architecture systems to drive analytics insights and observability tooling for our customers.

What Excites You
Championing data-driven insights - you see data analytics and observability as a product critical to success
Solving problems with pragmatic solutions — you know when to make trade-offs between completeness and utility and you know when to cut scope to ship something good enough quickly
Building products that make developers lives easier — as a data engineer for a developer infrastructure company, what you build will have an immediate impact on our customers
Shaping the culture and growing the team through recruiting, mentorship, and establishing best practices
Learning new skills and technologies in a fast paced environment

What Excites Us
Comfort working in a modern data stack using tools like Snowflake, Redshift, DBT, Fivetran, ElasticSearch, and Kinesis
Appreciation for schema design and architecture that balance flexibility and simplicity
Experience designing and building highly reliable back-end and ETL systems
3+ years as a data or backend engineer

What Success Looks Like
Technical — build new, highly reliable services that our customers can depend on
Ownership — advocate for projects and solutions that you believe in and ship them to production
Leadership — level up your teammates by providing mentorship and guidance

Our Tech Stack
Data moves through Snowflake, ElasticSearch, MySQL, and Kinesis
Go and Node for application services
We run on AWS with Kubernetes for containerization
gRPC and protobufs for internal service communication

Expected base salary $150,000-$300,000. The anticipated base salary range is not inclusive of full benefits including equity, health care insurance, time off, paid parental leave, etc. This base salary is accurate based on information at the time of posting. Actual compensation for hired candidates will be determined using a number of factors including experience, skills, and qualifications.
We're looking to hire a GREAT team and that means hiring people who are highly empathetic, ambitious, and excited about building the future of user authentication. You should feel empowered to apply for this role even if your experience doesn't exactly match up to our job description (our job descriptions are directional and not perfect recipes for exactly what we need). We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workspace where everyone (regardless of age, education, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, or any personal characteristics) feels like they belong. We look forward to hearing from you!

Learn more about our team and culture here!
