

        Job Title 

        Infrastructure Developer

        Job Description

        About Our Role
Fideres was founded in 2009 to investigate corporate and financial wrongdoing.  We specialise in researching and uncovering competition and financial markets wrongdoing and bringing it to the attention of law firms and regulators.
Our ability to identify and quantify misconduct is anchored in our strong data analytical capabilities: analysing large market datasets to recognize anomalous or manipulative patterns.  We are looking for an Infrastructure Developer to join our team and support us with this by developing our internal software and client products.
Our role would suit a candidate who is happy to work independently as a developer, and who has a strong interest in finance and economics and can work closely alongside our economists to really understand their work.  This is a greenfield opportunity and, over the long term, the right candidate will have the opportunity to grow in the role and become our lead architect at Fideres.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Key Responsibilities
This role will involve building/maintaining multiple products, including analytics libraries, automated analysis report and data collection infrastructure. The candidate will also conduct pilots for new products and trial new technologies/stacks.
The developer will work on features, unit tests and documentation for the analytical software and data tools used by our consultants and clients. This will include:
Python packages used by our consultants (who also code) to analyse and reconcile financial transactions
A set of microservices which serve as the backend for the analysis of stock price movements (Flask, Postgres, VBA)
Scraping bots and automatic analysis of the resulting data
Wrangling large datasets and maintaining databases
Key Skills and Attributes
The successful candidate will be a self starter, and will have:
A keen interest in financial markets and a strong belief in fair and transparent markets
Vision, drive and an innovative mindset to develop our technology infrastructure
A strong record of academic achievement with a quantitative degree, and a strong interest in software development
Proficiency in Python - standard library and scientific/data packages (pandas, numpy, statsmodels, matplotlib, etc.)
Other -to-haves include:  webscraping frameworks (BeautifulSoup/Scrapy/Selenium); data extraction from unstructured/semi-structured sources (e.g. PDF); web-frameworks (Flask); knowledge of the other languages and tools that feature more in some parts of our stack (SQL, HTML/CSS, VBA); Dashboarding libraries  (I.e. Dash and Plotly)
Excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions
Excellent written and verbal communication, including the ability to explain complex topics to non-specialists
Integrity, accountability, and not afraid to express an opinion and offer new solutions
About the Company
        Why Fideres
Fideres is a leading provider of economics and industry expertise for complex disputes in securities and financial markets across various jurisdictions.
We have been engaged by all the major US and UK plaintiff-side litigation law firms, governments, and other public-sector entities to assist in numerous high-profile antitrust investigations and private litigation, spanning a wide range of industries and jurisdictions.
We have developed innovative modelling techniques for highly complex competition and financial issues, and our work has contributed to a heightened standard of economic evidence in litigation globally, particularly in class actions
What We Offer
You will get to work in a highly innovative environment where training and development is put at the top of the agenda to ensure that our staff are at the leading edge of their academic knowledge, and where rapid career progression is available to proactive employees who reach out for opportunities.
We offer flexible working hours and hybrid remote working, competitive salaries and bonuses, and competitive benefits.
We are proud of our values and our diverse and international workforce, and we are committed to building a working environment where employees feel safe, welcome and able to have an open and respectful dialogue on diversity issues.
Application Process
Please submit your curriculum vitae and a cover letter explaining your motivation to join Fideres and your interest in the role offered to careers@fideres.com. Please also mention where you saw this job role advertised.
Please note that we consider a thoughtful and considered cover letter to be an integral part of the application.
Full time and part time applications would be considered.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Serena Sangari
            

            E-mail contact: careers@fideres.com

            
            Web: https://fideres.com
            
        
