Sharethrough is one of the top global independent omnichannel ad exchanges. Driven by our conviction that advertising should be underpinned by respect & care, we believe taking a human-centric approach to advertising and monetization is the key to a sustainable path forward for the independent and accessible internet to thrive.

With headquarters based in Montreal, QC, Sharethrough promotes a remote-first work environment to allow us to hire top talent all across North America!

Why You'll Love Working with the Data Science Team

In this role, you’ll pair with your data science and product peers to explore new ways to optimize the 20 billion impressions flowing through our exchange every day. You’ll have a dedicated optimization team to implement your ideas. We believe in an experiment-driven approach that enables you to test out your ideas. While we’ve implemented some tremendously impactful optimization products already, we believe we’ve just scratched the surface.
About the Role
Develop research questions and explore data in order to understand various subtleties of auction dynamics, user behavior, and forecast effects of changes
Design and deploy machine learning models to optimize exchange performance and help partners achieve success
Build out MLOps infrastructure for model deployment and monitoring of model performance
Partner with Product and Engineering in analytical projects and influence product strategy

About You
5+ years of experience working in a data science role
Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Econometrics, or similar domain
Proficient with SQL, Python, AWS, Sagemaker and Big Data
Experienced deploying and maintaining data science pipelines in production
Strong familiarity with experimental design
Comfortable communicating and pairing with product and engineering teams

Tech Stack
SQL
Python
AWS
Sagemaker
Big Data
What's In It For You?
Competitive compensation packages
Generous group health insurance plan
Access to the virtual healthcare platform Dialogue
Access to the company's stock option plan
16 days of vacation per year, which increases with seniority at the company
3 paid Caring days
1 paid volunteer day
Offices closed during the holidays
Wellness allocation of $840 per year (for gym memberships, sportswear, etc.)
In-house training programs on our company and industry
Encouragement and funding of continuing education and training
Very active social committee and free online sports classes
Access to a tool that measures your engagement and job satisfaction anonymously
Pairing with a buddy for your first 6 months
Advantageous referral program
Inclusive, inspiring, and dynamic work environment
Casual dress code
Work from home and flexible hours
And more!
We’re Committed to Having an Inclusive and Diverse Environment!

Want to apply but feel like you don't meet every requirement? Apply anyways! Studies show that women and minorities are less likely to apply if they do not exactly fit all the requirements in the job description. At Sharethrough, we are dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive workspace, so if you feel eager about this opportunity but feel like your experience is not perfectly aligned with the job description - apply! There may be other roles you fit the profile for.
