Job#: 1288995

Job Description:
Apex Systems is looking for an ETL Developer for our Utilities Client in Atlanta, GA!

The ETL Developer position will be responsible for the development, configuration, testing, optimization, and maintenance of the client company’s Data Warehouse solution. This position will also conduct unit and system testing. The individual will monitor and research errors for the data warehouse ODI load plans, Data Sync jobs and Oracle Analytic Cloud (OAC) platform. Additional activities include the delivery of ETL requirements in conjunction with approved project efforts and decision support against the data warehouse. It is also expected that new software technologies are learned especially those that are consistent with our support requirements. This position leverages strong partnerships with the Technology Organization’s business partners, the internal business suppFort groups, the Project Management Office, Oracle Corporation, and other technical and consulting resources across the Technology Organization to ensure the delivery of timely and quality solutions and support.

The ETL developer will also be responsible for providing timely production and end-user support for our ETL solutions both during and after business hours. This includes resolving performance issues along with identifying potential future problems before they become critical. This position will also be responsible for creating technical programming specifications from business documents, creating internal program documentation, and participating in peer reviews as both a reviewer and as one being reviewed. This will include creating comprehensive documents that all members of the team may understand and execute.

This position will also be required to provide time/effort estimates, contribute to project planning, provide task and project status to end users, peers and management. The ETL developer will be asked to communicate issues and issue resolution to management and business partners in a clear, concise manner while managing multiple priorities.

As our analytics footprint expands this position will be given the opportunity to help the client Company grow in the Enterprise Data Warehouse space utilizing technologies such as ODI, to build solutions which are flexible, performant and scalable.

Education & Experience:
B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Mathematics or related field
Background in Oracle 12c or 19c database, Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems is required.
Possess 5-7 years of data warehouse experience.
5+ years of ETL experience with Oracle Business Intelligence Applications (OBIA 11g) and BI Publisher; OAC is a plus. Specific experience within the context of Oracle ERP Cloud/EBS Financials, Projects, Human Resources is desired.
Strong knowledge of ETL design best practices and data warehousing is required; to include performance optimization.
Experience with development utilities such as SQL query tools and processes to support, test and verify tasks.
Strong experience with Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) 12c in development, administration, and scheduling ODI load plans/scenarios.
Experience with Data Sync 2.6 in development, administration, and scheduling activities.
Experience with high volume, complex relational databases.
Experience in troubleshooting application availability issue; monitoring system performance and understanding error/session logs, and in proposing solutions to potential risks.
Strong understanding of database concepts including views, tables and indexing
Proficient with performance tuning of complex ODI scenarios and SQL queries for optimal performance
Possess strong systems/process orientation with demonstrated analytical thinking, organization skills and problem-solving skills.
Experience deploying ODI objects from source to target environment
Deep understanding of dimensional modeling (star schema)
Experience in documenting Mapping Specifications, Technical Specifications, Deployment documents and Operational Support Run/Play books
Aptitude and willingness to learn new technologies
Strong experience in database concepts for data modeling and mapping including referential integrity, indexes, keys, common dimensions, star schemas, master data and metadata

The following job requirements are a plus –

3+ years of experience with Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE 12c) supporting development, configuration, administration and performance improvement activities
Experience with Data Sync 2.6 in development, administration and scheduling activities
Experience with PaaS/SaaS integration to meet OAC requirements
Experience with Oracle FAW
BI development experience with Oracle Business Intelligence Applications (e.g. OBIA 11g) , OAC and/or Oracle Transactional Business Intelligence (OTBI). Specific BI experience with Oracle ERP Cloud/EBS Financials, Project, and Human Resources desired.

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Knowledge and experience with SDLC
Ability to provide mentoring and training services for teammates and business partners
Ability to partner with various teams to develop both ad-hoc and reporting solutions
Ability to document and facilitate resolution of data related project issues
Ability to build and effectively manage relationships within a large, multi-state organization
Ability to estimate task or project costs and timelines
Ability to manage production support and project related activities simultaneously
Ability to negotiate and influence others within a team environment
Ability to work effectively with a team
Ability to work in a professional environment with limited direct supervision
Ability to effectively move forward on tasks even with ambiguous or changing requirements.
Ability to perform the analysis necessary to design and architect solutions that meet business partner requirements
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Experience in development of clear and concise technical documentation
Experience in requirement gathering

Other:
Candidate must be available weekends and after normal business hours for on-call support. Some travel may be required within the client company footprint.

The core team is based out of Atlanta, GA; however, we are open to remote candidates that are based out of other locations in the U.S. as well.

*** For Immediate consideration, email Katie at Ktalley@Apexsystems.com with a copy of your resume and subject line, "ETL Developer"

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystems.com or 844-463-6178.

Employee Type:
Contract

Location:
Atlanta, GA, US

Job Type:
Applications and Data Management

Date Posted:
August 18, 2022
