Director of the Resnick Solar Science and Catalysis Center (SSCC) Facility

Caltech
Job Category: Fulltime Regular
Exempt Overtime Eligible: Exempt
Benefits Eligible: Benefit Based

Caltech is a world-renowned science and engineering institute that marshals some of the world's brightest minds and most innovative tools to address fundamental scientific questions. We thrive on finding and cultivating talented people who are passionate about what they do. Join us and be a part of the diverse Caltech community.

Job Summary

We seek a scientist or engineer experienced in solar energy harvesting and catalysis to direct the new Resnick Solar Science and Catalysis Center (SSCC). This individual will play a critical role in defining the scope of the facility and coordinating its capabilities/investments with those in partnering organizations, such as the Liquid Sunlight Alliance. The primary mission of the director will be to turn the Caltech SSCC into a world-class resource for the synthesis, characterization, and testing of molecules and materials for solar energy harvesting and sustainable catalysis.

This is an Organizational Critical position. An employee designated as organizational critical is expected to report to campus as soon as possible to assist in division/department response and recovery efforts.

Essential Job Duties
Manage day-to-day research activities of the SSCC facility.
Help Caltech scientists and engineers use the facility to solve interdisciplinary problems (including the training of students/postdocs/faculty in various synthetic and characterization methods) involving the study of diverse materials and molecules.
Partner with facility directors at Caltech and outside of Caltech (e.g., at the Liquid Sunlight Alliance, SLAC National Laboratory, and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) to develop synergistic facility capabilities. This will involve the selection, acquisition, and maintenance of a diverse set of instruments.
Conduct long-term original research with the potential for transformative impact that is incompatible within the time frame of a typical PhD or postdoctoral project. Publish papers and present results of the work at professional meetings and conferences.
Apply for federal and private grants to augment the resources of the SSCC as needed.
Train and supervise a technician or graduate laboratory assistant.
Work together with the RSI Executive Director of Operations and a grants manager on the development of the annual budget for the SSCC.
Participate in RSI workshops and outreach and other outreach activities.
Process and maintain sensitive and confidential information.
Perform other related job duties as assigned.

Basic Qualifications
PhD in chemistry, chemical engineering, materials science or related field.
Expertise in synthesis, characterization, and testing of materials for solar energy harvesting and catalysis.
Expertise in setting up new analytical instruments and troubleshooting their use.
Drive to learn new approaches in solar science and catalysis research to keep the SSCC facility state-of-the-art.
Experience in training and mentoring students, and other researchers.
Ability to work well in a collaborative way with different individuals, including research and administrative staff.
Ability to coordinate with the directors of complementary Caltech facilities.
Strong writing and speaking skills, including success in applying for federal grants.
Creativity and high scientific standards (both rigor and ethics).
Attention to detail and good time management skills; must have the ability to prioritize, organize, and multitask.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience with in situ and operando spectroscopic characterization.
Experience with tabletop X-Ray sources for materials characterization.
Experience in developing instrumentation for high throughput screening of molecules and materials.
Familiarity with computer programming to automate high-throughput data analysis, including modern data science techniques.

Required Documents
Resume
Two References (two letters of recommendation or contact information for two references)



To be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: https://hr.caltech.edu/work/job_openings

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
jeid-08b689570ca62048b7341514140b3718
