About Leviton:
At Leviton we make innovative products to meet the needs of today’s residential, commercial, and industrial customers globally; providing them with the light, power, and information they need to move forward and do more every day. As a part of Leviton, you’ll join a stable company with over 115 years of history developing products that directly impact everyday lives.
Overview:
Position is part of Electrical Engineering team that develops wiring devices for residential use. Example of product applications: light controls, personal protection, load centers, etc. Individual will be responsible for developing state of the art algorithms for embedded systems employed in our products.
Responsibilities:
Playing a key role in developing advanced algorithms and deploying them in our products.
Analyzing signal signature data, extracting features using statistical, signal processing, data mining and/or optimization techniques.
Designing algorithms for fault event detection in real time applications.
Develop algorithms to detect, characterize and generate voltage and current signals for sensor, power metering and lighting control equipment
Implementing models and algorithms in Python, C/C++, and/or MATLAB
Optimizing machine learning solutions for implementation in an embedded environment.
Participating in laboratory and field tests to collect and analyze experimental data to support the verification, validation, and improvement of technical solutions
Analyzes marketing and engineering data to determine software feasibility of product proposal
Develops technical specifications and identifies test requirements for products
Prepares product or system software, block diagrams and object code utilizing engineering group input
Participates as needed to fabricate engineering prototype
Implements process improvements to decrease time to market of new and existing products
This position requires a motivated, creative engineer with the ability to design a variety of new products from concept through production release
Qualifications:
Education & Experience
BS degree in electrical engineering, computer science, computer engineering, physics, math, or related field of study (MS degree preferred)
2+ years’ of professional experience is preferred
Skills & Abilities
Strong knowledge of programming in C, C++ and Python (Python strongly preferred, Matlab acceptable)
Strong data analytic skills and experience in dealing with real-world time series data.
Proven experience in embedded system and firmware development.
Proficient with signal processing and DSP techniques such as spectral analysis, filter design, and signal feature extraction
Knowledge in machine learning / deep learning (Experience in time series analysis and classification strongly preferred)
Experience working with libraries such as TensorFlow, Numpy, Pandas, Sklearn, etc
Ability to read and understand electrical schematics is preferred
Comfortable using lab equipment and tools such as debuggers, logic analyzers, oscilloscopes, etc.
Excellent teamwork, communication, and organizational skills.
Travel
Up to 10% travel required. ##LI-SK1 #LI-Hyrbrid #IND2
Salary will be dependent upon the individual’s skills, experience, and qualifications.
