Northwest Community Credit Union believes in providing our employees an environment where they can flourish personally and professionally. We are proud that we have never lost sight of our founders' commitment to providing each individual, and our community, with uncommon care. Join a team with a rich heritage of serving our region for more than 70 years!
Northwest Community Credit Union serves members from offices in 14 locations across Oregon.
Northwest Community Credit Union recently announced plans to pursue a merger with TwinStar Credit Union of Lacey, WA. We continue to hire for all posted positions while taking into account the needs of our combined future organization. Pending a “Yes” vote in late Fall 2022, NWCU employees will be combined with TwinStar employees at the time of our anticipated legal merger date, which is sometime in early 2023. We're eager to take advantage of the expanded opportunities for professional development and growth that the new organization can create, together.

Business Analyst Salary: $66,050 - $79,260/year (dependent upon knowledge, skill, and abilities)
Position Primary Purpose:
Identifies, defines, and documents business processes and technical requirements. Serves as a liaison between business units and Information Technology teams by facilitating communications and determining technical objectives to align with stated and unstated business needs.

Responsibilities:

Recommends solutions and builds high-quality requirements based on deep understanding of relevant business area(s).
Uses a variety of techniques to understand business requirements, such as interviews, workshops, and surveys.
Shapes business requirements by making recommendations and suggesting alternatives to proposed solutions.
Understands technical options, limitations, costs, and risks. Communicate trade-offs to business partners and work with them to shape requirements accordingly.
Translates conceptual user requirements into clear, detailed functional requirements.
Works with business and technology teams to prioritize requirements.
Helps resolve competing priorities between stakeholder groups by facilitating stakeholder discussions and escalate issues where appropriate.
Manages requirements scoping throughout the delivery process.
Works in conjunction with project management and technical implementation teams to create artifacts as appropriate, including business case documentation, scope documentation, and process flows.
Supports delivery teams as they develop, test, and deploy solutions.
Reviews delivery team output to ensure requirements are correctly interpreted; defines and executes test cases.
Documents current processes and models to understand inefficiencies or gaps.
Identifies and assists in prioritizing opportunities to streamline business processes.
All other duties as assigned.
Experience:

One (1) year previous business analyst experience. Three (3) years' related work experience in business analysis at a financial institution is preferred.

Education:
High school diploma (GED equivalent) is required. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or IT preferred. PBA certification preferred.

Demonstrated Abilities:

Experience determining the explicit and implicit needs and requirements of various stakeholders.
Ability to quickly learn the objectives, structures, operations and policies of a new business area.
Strong problem resolution, negotiation, and influencing skills.
Demonstrated ability to engage both technical and business resources to achieve target outcomes.
Proven interpersonal skills and an ability to influence senior leaders and peers.
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical information in a condensed manner to various stakeholders verbally and in writing.
Experience creating documentation such as business case documentation or business requirements summaries.
Adaptability and a willingness to learn new skills.
Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled
