

        Job Title 

        Remote Python Software Engineer (Contract 1099/C2C)

        Job Description

        We are looking for a Python Software Engineer Contractor with deep object-oriented programming chops and DevOps skills to join us in developing and maintaining various serverless microservices. This is a contract opportunity and an opportunity to work with some state-of-the-art technologies and solutions.
$80 Per Hour
Weekly Pay
Duration: 8 months + Extensions
1099 or C2C only
Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Technologies Required
Python
PySpark
Databricks
NoSQL
API Development & Documentation
Azure
DevOps
Unit Testing
Duties
Responsible for the design, development, and testing of python-based data pipelines.
Design and implement data architecture and the pipeline.
Responsible for leveraging Databricks in the design, development, and testing of PySpark data pipelines (batch and streaming).
Responsible for the Design, Development, and testing of cloud artifacts in Azure.
Responsible for event-driven microservice development on the cloud.
Responsible for the optimal feature engineering including batch and streaming.
Collaborates with different teams for project delivery.
Provides high performance and secure applications.
Apply data science techniques to develop solutions to solve for business challenges.
Responsible for the design, development, and test of cloud artifacts.
Responsible for troubleshooting and debugging cloud applications.
Responsible for building the unit test to test & cover developed code.
Nice-to-have:  a basic understanding of Algorithm and ML model development lifecycle.
Ability to take ML models from data science team and productionalize them.
Required
At least 3-years experience with professional Python development
Deep object-oriented programing skills (Python) in developing and maintaining various microservices.
Experience writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating with Event Hub/Kafka and NoSQL Database.
Experience developing server-side logic and able to test and package standalone python modules.
Strong experience developing APIs and has written API documentation using Swagger or similar tool.
Preferred experience with: Azure CLI deployment; Azure DevOps, Azure Bicep, Azure CosmosDB and python virtual environment set-up and interaction.
Strong DevOps & CI/CD Pipelines: ability to build from scratch – Jenkins, GitHub, Ansible, Terraform, etc.
Must be familiar with Unit Testing framework including but not limited to JUnit, .Net equivalent, PySpark framework.
Work from home opportunity; however, must reside in the U.S. and work 8-5 p.m. ET.
Agile team / standups
Fluent or proficient in English
U.S. Only
Reliable and results-driven
Infrastructure as code desired
Ability to setup the project infrastructure in cloud
Education
Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science, Engineering, Information Systems or relevant degree is required.
Interview Prep (you should be able to speak to the following)
How many years of experience do you have with Python?
You should have experience with data structures and speak to your experience with data architecture.
Speak to your experience with creating algorithms.
You must have experience working in a collaborative environment.
CI/CD Pipelines: why do we use them and what are the benefits?
What problem are you most proud of solving and how did you do it?
What is the difference between monolithic and micro services?
What is your experience with version control?
Onboarding Process
Interview with CEO + client interviews
Criminal background check
1 professional reference who can speak to how awesome you are!
To Apply, please provide the following (required)
Your updated resume
Short cover letter explaining your desire for this position.
1 professional reference
Send to: jobs@ThoughtfulLogic.net
About the Company
        Thoughtful Logic LLC provides information technology consulting and recruiting services nationwide. In business over 11 years.

        

        Contact Info
        E-mail contact: Jobs@ThoughtfulLogic.net

            
            Web: https://thoughtfullogic.net/
            
        
