Business Intelligence Developer
Development - Systems Management, Lincoln Center
Fordham University
Fordham University has an excellent reputation as a dynamic institution located in New York City. Founded in 1841, Fordham enrolls more than 16,000 undergraduate and graduate students in its 9 Colleges and Schools.
Fordham University offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits packageto its employees, which includes medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance.
We offer tuition remission for employees and their dependents.
A generous immediate employer match towards a 403(b) retirement plan.
As a tax-exempt organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC), Fordham is considered a qualifying employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program, a federal program designed to forgive student loan debt for employees of certain public and certain nonprofit employers.
As part of its work-life balance program, the University provides generous PTO including 15 vacation days, 12 sick days, 2 personal days, 6 summer Fridays, and holidaysthat include paid time off between Christmas and New year.
University employees have access to the Employee Assistance Program (EAP). EAP provides no-cost, professional, and confidential services, to help employees and family members address a variety of personal, family, life, and work-related issues.
Position Summary
Fordham University seeks a Business Intelligence Developer with a Power BI specialization who will provide expert-level business intelligence solutions for the Office of Development and University Relations (DAUR). They will report to the Executive Director, Advancement Systems and Analytics.
This position is eligible for a hybrid work arrangement pursuant to University’s Hybrid/Remote Work Policy. Please review the policy here.
Essential Functions
Develops interactive and insightful Power BI visualizations that are easy to understand.
Designs, develops, deploys, and manages Power BI data flows and datasets.
Elicits and understands requirements from DAUR teams to develop and deliver operational reports and/or analytic data models that support daily business operations, business intelligence dashboards, and subject area analysis.
Performs data analysis, dashboard interface design, develop user acceptance testing (UAT) criteria, and BI documentation.
Participates in design reviews with other members and groups within DAUR.
Owns the administration of the Power BI platform for DAUR (not for the entire University).
Provides daily operational and production support for existing Power BI solutions, including dashboards, reports, data refreshes, and user access control.
Assists with training technical and non-technical staff on how to effectively leverage reports and dashboards.
Keeps abreast of BI and Data Analytics trends and technology.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in information technology, computer science, finance, or any business-related field.
Two or more years of business intelligence development experience.
Significant and expert-level Power BI platform experience developing and building intuitive and impactful dashboards and data visualizations.
Experience writing and maintaining complex DAX queries and writing SQL queries in MS SQL Server Management Studio.
Experience developing and maintaining complex data flows and datasets.
Experience with BI development best practices such as agile methodologies, requirements gathering, requirements analysis, prototyping, testing, and deployment to production.
Successful candidates should have a knowledge of and commitment to the goals of Jesuit Education.
Minimum Starting Salary: $88,000
Maximum Starting Salary : $110,000
Note: Salary is commensurate with qualifications, experience, and skills.
FLSA CATEGORY: Exempt
START DATE: ASAP
APPLY HERE: https://careers.fordham.edu/postings/3792
ABOUT FORDHAM
Founded in 1841, Fordham is the Jesuit University of New York, offering an exceptional education distinguished by the Jesuit tradition to more than 16,000 students in its 9 colleges and schools. It has residential campuses in the Bronx and Manhattan, a campus in West Harrison, N.Y., the Louis Calder Center Biological Field Station in Armonk, N.Y., and the London Centre in the United Kingdom.
Fordham University is committed to excellence through diversity and welcomes candidates of all backgrounds.
Fordham is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $88,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
business intelligence development: 2 years (Required)
Work Location: One location
