Job Title : Tableau BI Developer (689477)
Duration: 6+ Months Possibility of extensions.
Location: Remote
Tableau Developer Responsibilities:
Act as Tableau developer and work closely with the ETL team to ensure data sources are accurate, available
and analyzable.
Hands on with Tableau Desktop (dashboard creation, report authoring and troubleshooting, data source
management).
Create and edit Oracle SQL queries within Tableau to build calculated fields.
Create interactive filters, parameters, and calculations for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau.
Build and publish interactive dashboards on Tableau Server. Collaborate with ETL team and QA analysts to
test, clean, and standardize data to meet the business requirements.
Have the confidence to work cross-functionally with various departments including business stakeholders and
technical personnel to exchange ideas.
Must have excellent verbal communications skills and documentation skills to maintain workflows and
dashboard functionality.
Tableau Developer Requirements:
4+ years of experience designing and developing business intelligence dashboards using Tableau.
At least 4 years of experience using Tableau v10.x.
2-3 years in UI, UX experience demonstrable with evidence of using a combination of user interface tools
such as wire frames, prototypes, mock-ups, or white boarding to illustrate product usability.
Experience working with large and complex data set able to write simple Oracle queries to create calculated
fields.
Practical understanding of data systems (BI analytics, data blending, data warehousing, data ETL, etc.) on
process automation and standardization.
Experience working in a support team environment by documenting, researching, and solving problems via
phone calls or email ticketing system.
Experience working directly with business analysts or business sponsors to gather and validate functional
requirements and provide the design specifications.
Excellent oral, written skills and listening skills.
Ability to work on multiple projects and flexibility to change priorities when needed.
Required / Desired Skills
Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or closely related discipline is required.
Required
4+ years of experience designing and developing business intelligence dashboards using Tableau.
Required
4
Years
Practical understanding of data systems (BI analytics, data blending, data warehousing, data ETL, etc.) on process automation and standardization
Required
4
Years
At least 4 years of experience using Tableau v10.x.
Required
4
Years
2-3 years in UI,UX experience demonstrable w/evidence of using a combo of user interface tools like wire frames,prototypes,mock-ups,or white boarding
Required
3
Years
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $62.00 - $68.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business intelligence dashboards using Tableau.: 7 years (Required)
data systems (BI analytics, data blending: 5 years (Required)
data warehousing, data ETL: 6 years (Required)
on process automation and standardization: 5 years (Required)
Tableau v10.x.: 6 years (Required)
wire frames,prototypes,mock-ups,or white boarding: 4 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
