Reference No. R2663259
Position Title: Director of Project Management - R&D Data and Computational Science
Department: R&D Digital Data & Computational Sciences
About Sanofi:
We are an innovative global healthcare company, driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team, across some 100 countries, is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally, while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.
Who You Are:
You are an experienced software engineer who is interested in designing and developing comprehensive solutions to support and facilitate business operations. You have a strong understanding of back-end and front-end technologies and have experience implementing highly functional solutions that can scale. You have a passion for good user experience and know how to ensure user needs are met through agile development and stakeholder engagement. You are an excellent communicator, and can work with subject matter experts, graphic designers, support teams and managers to deliver professional grade solutions.
Our vision for digital, data analytics and AI
Sanofi has recently embarked into a vast and ambitious digital transformation program. A cornerstone of this roadmap is the acceleration of its data transformation and of the adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) solutions. This has enabled us, to accelerate R&D, improve manufacturing and commercial performance, and bring novel drugs and vaccines to patients faster, all in order to improve health and save lives.
The Digital Team at Sanofi is a unique data-driven team. We pride ourselves on being data obsessed and highly focused on using state of the art processes along with global technologies to drive impact to our solutions. We measure our insights and products based on how they preform across the globe and hold ourselves to the highest regard as our solutions can impact millions of lives. When tackling a problem, we do not just ask how we will create a solution, but how we will create a solution that reaches across the world with the best possible societal outcome.
If you are passionate about improving the health and wellness of people across the globe using Data as your means, then you should look no farther than the Digital Team here at Sanofi. Join us on our journey in enabling Sanofi’s Digital Transformation through becoming an AI first organization. This means:
AI Factory - Versatile Teams Operating in Cross Functional Pods: Utilizing digital and data resources to develop AI products, bringing data management, AI and product development skills to products, programs and projects to create an agile, fulfilling and meaningful work environment.
Leading Edge Tech Stack: Experience build products that will be deployed globally on a leading-edge tech stack.
World Class Mentorship and Training: Working with renowned, published leaders and academics in machine learning to further develop your skillsets.
Location: The Sanofi Digital Data Team uses a hybrid working model combining remote and office-based work. The Canada Digital Data Hub offices will be located in the greater downtown area of Toronto.
Position Summary:
The Director of Program Management is a member of the Sanofi R&D Data and Computational Science team part of Sanofi Digital Organization and directly reports to the Head of R&D Digital Data & Computational Sciences.
She/He leads a group that oversees major programs working closely with product owners, development team, business units and external contractors to organize internal and external teams, vendors, resources as well as the financial aspects of all projects during their life cycle.
Key Responsibilities:
Lead a team of project managers, product owner and UI experts to support all ML / AI programs within the digital R&D team.
Work with the head of the R&D computational team to plan the major focus of the group, timelines, milestones, financial targets, human resources and other strategic issues.
Supervise the work of project managers in the team to ensure that the program is proceeding according to plan or faster. Help strategically plan and then execute the solution. Ensure that all parties involved in each program are on the same page with respect to project goals, current status and immediate and long term plans.
Articulate the goals and objectives of the different program and impact to the business.
Work with external partners and with the set of companies we are collaborating with to ensure delivery of products and projects according to plans
Regularly report on programs/projects progression to the head of the R&D Data team and to other senior managers.
Collaborate with business management for the projects execution and monitoring of the ongoing projects.
Provide good and clear communication based on standards provided, adapting them to each project.
Key Requirements:
A proven leader with experience in pharma managing projects related to software development or software support for R&D.
Possess strong communication skills and an experience in business management and biology / biomedicine / healthcare.
Bachelor in Biology / Bioengineering / Biomedicine / Computational Biology or related area.
MBA / Business degree preferred.
5+ years of working experience in Biotech, pharma or related industries.
Proven experience as a Program Manager.
Ability to understand business needs.
Ability to understand key capabilities within the organization.
Multi-tasking.
Thorough understanding of program/project management techniques and methods.
Excellent Knowledge of project performance evaluation and change management principles.
Budget and financial project control
Strong verbal & written communication skills in English.
Must be a team player and possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Action orientated with ability to work quickly and efficiently in a fast moving environment.
Sanofi is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. Our goal is to attract, develop and retain highly talented employees from diverse backgrounds, allowing us to benefit from a wide variety of experiences and perspectives. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified applicants. Accommodations for persons with disabilities required during the recruitment process are available upon request.
Thank you in advance for your interest.
Sanofi, Empowering Life
#DDB
#GD-SP #LI-SP
At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all.
