Responsible for leveraging a variety of data platforms and analytical tools to assess and convert data into actionable business insights. Builds tools to automate reporting and generate insights allowing clients to quickly and accurately see how WFM stores, regions, products and processes are performing. Uses data to influence business and retail decisions across the company. Identifies, develops and executes data analyses to uncover areas of business opportunity.
Responsibilities:
Gains familiarity with Business Analysis concepts, practices, and methodologies.
With guidance, learns to perform Business Analyst duties, including:
Coordinating financial services and developing goals, reporting, and business process improvement recommendations,
Performing regional and store quarterly business reviews,
Identifying areas of opportunity to drive optimized competitive performance,
Supporting new location openings and early stage operational / performance reviews,
Analyzing data for issue identification and working with colleagues to develop solution recommendations,
Developing data-specific documentation and reports.
Learns and adheres to company principles, values, policies, and guidelines.
Establishes credibility and builds working relationships with key stakeholders in allied and supported areas, including stores, facilities, and regions.
Supports Team Leaders and Team Members on special projects as assigned.
Skills:
Familiar with the data available within area(s) of expertise.
Familiar with and able to use basic data-manipulation tools.
Able to convert data and make it analysis-ready through basic descriptives, aggregations, and pivots.
Learns various company and departmental processes and procedures; becomes familiar with Retail Operations SOPs.
Excellent communication skills, including written, verbal, and listening.
Relates to others in an open, friendly, and engaging manner.
Understands necessity of tailoring communication to meet the needs of diverse audiences.
Conveys understanding of WFM culture and core values.
Able to maintain confidentiality.
Accepts accountability for own actions.
Follows, supports, and understands existing policies and processes.
Seeks opportunities for improvement and assumes increased responsibility without being asked.
Bases ideas, position, or judgments on available facts.
Makes decision on routine issues and problems.
Able to understand WFM’s and supported stores / region(s) business objectives.
Develops understanding of the WFM product mix, supply base and retail operations.
Education & Experience:
BA/BS degree and 0-2 years’ relevant experience OR equivalent combination of education and relevant experience.
At Whole Foods Market, we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all Team Members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, marital status, disability, or any other legally protected characteristic. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely based on qualifications for the position to be filled and business needs.
