Fusion Technology LLC is in search of a highly skilled and experienced Business Intelligence Developer candidate to fill this an On-Site position, based in Washington DC.
Job Title: Business Intelligence Developer
Salary: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00
Location: On-Site 25% and Remote 75% - Washington DC
Submission End Date: Ongoing
Job Description:
The Business Intelligence Developer is responsible for analysis and evalustion of user business problems and the development of system recommendations to meet requirements. Duties may include: coordinating with business and technology teams to ascertain system requirements, input data acquisitions, execution of user acceptance and my coordinate testing and system controls.
Duties Include, but are NOT Limited To:
Driving insightful analystics and action-based reporting that measures business performance.
Support FAA, which is continuously striving for improved data, processes, and developing infrastructure.
Mature the Power BI reporting.
Lead the development of operational dashboards, periodic business reviews and effective metrics.
Analyze complex business problems and issues using data.
Participate in cross-functional teams to address business issues.
Develop SSAS tabular models utilizing complex DAX functions and SQL queries, stored procedures using T-SQL, CTE, XMLA, PowerShell scripts.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in data analytics, systems engineering, or related field
8+ years of relevant experience
Proven SQL and Query writing skills
Significant Power Platform (Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate) experience
Knowledge of Oracle and SQL Server SQL
Strong understanding of relational and dimensional data modeling
Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance
Visit Fusiontechnology-llc.com for more details regarding our company mission and objectives.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Application Question(s):
Are you a U.S. Citizen?
If you hold a Green Card, have you been employed in the U.S. for minimum of 3 years?
How many years of experience do you have with Microsoft Office applications (work, excel, outlook, etc.)?
Do you have SQL and Query writing experience?
How much experience do you have with Power Platform (Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate)?
How much experience do you have with relational and dimensional data modeling?
How much experience do you have with Oracle and SQL?
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
Business Intelligence Development: 8 years (Required)
Work Location: One location
