

        Job Title 

        Cloud Platform Engineer (f/m/d)

        Job Description

        Planning, design, installation and development of the Linux server landscape based on Ubuntu as well as a high-performance cloud platform based on OpenStack.
Administration and maintenance of a highly available Linux cloud as well as performance, capacity and availability management of the Linux servers.
Ensuring the operational business, using a trouble ticket system (trouble shooting, second/third level support). Automation and continuous optimization of all technical process flows.
Customization and creation of automation processes and automatic system configurations (scripting) as well as IT Security support to implement hardening/securing of server systems and the services running on them.
Participation in on-call duty (scope 1 week/month, specially remunerated).
Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Successfully completed studies related to information technology or a completed IT training (e.g. IT specialist system integration).
Passion and enthusiasm for new technologies and topics around: Linux, OpenStack and Docker or Kubernetes.
Scripting and programming experience - especially in Python, Ansible and Bash.
Experience in performance monitoring and monitoring of complex virtualized Linux environments through products like check_MK, Nagios, or Grafana/Prometheus, etc.
Good knowledge with virtualization and containerization environments based on KVM (LibVirt) and Docker.
Good knowledge of CI/CD tooling (e.g. Git, Jenkins).
Experience in design, implementation and operation of highly available and centralized storage solutions, such as CEPH, Compellent, DRBD and/or GlusterFS and its connection to OpenStack.
Initiative and goal-oriented approach to work in our team.
Contact Info
        Contact: Pawel Kuzak
            

            E-mail contact: pawel.kuzak@1und1.de

            
            Web: https://united-internet.talentry.com/share/job/273022/620141/1666252226/3
            
        
