Responsibilities·
Work with subject matter experts from airlines to identify opportunities for leveraging data to deliver insights and actionable prediction of customer behavior and operations performance. · Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources, data gathering and forecasting techniques. · Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets and run proof of concept studies. · Leverage existing Statistical and Machine Learning tools to enhance in-house algorithms. · Collaborate with software engineers to implement and test production quality code for AI/ML models. · Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze data accuracy and models’ performance. · Demonstrate software to customers and perform value proving benchmarks. Calibrate software for customer needs and train customer for using and maintaining software. · Resolve customer complaints with software and respond to suggestions for enhancements.
Required Qualifications·
Advanced Degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Machine Learning. · Proven ability to apply modeling and analytical skills to real-world problems. · Knowledge of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and statistical concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, etc.). · Solid programming skills 2-3 languages out of R, SQL, Python, TensorFlow, PySpark, Java, JavaScript or C++. · Experience (minimum 4 out of 7) with deployment of machine learning and statistical models on a cloud: MLOps within the enterprise CI/CD process for ML models Experience deploying ML APIs in production environments in GCP using GKE Experience in using GCP Vertex AI for ML and BigQuery Knowledge in Terraform and Containers technologies Experience writing data processing jobs using GCP Dataflow and Dataproc Experience setting up ML model monitoring and autoscaling for ML prediction jobs Understanding of machine learning concepts to scale ML across different services by leveraging Feature Store, Artifacts Registry and Analytics Hub
Desirable Qualifications·
Familiarity with airline, hospitality or retailing industries and decision support systems employed there. · Experience developing customer choice models, price elasticity estimation and market potential estimation. · Understanding of airline distribution, pricing, revenue management, NDC and Offer/Order Management concepts.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Application Question(s):
Please share the best time, number and, email to connect with you.
(Team Lead, and Principal) for this skillset. Please share for which role you would like to be considered and at what salary range with full benefits."
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Experience:
Machine learning: 10 years (Preferred)
MLOps: 10 years (Preferred)
deploying ML APIs: 10 years (Preferred)
Terraform: 10 years (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91 +1469.393.0795
