GRADE
16
LOCATION OF POSITION
MDH-Board of Psychologist
4201 Patterson Avenue
Baltimore, MD 21215
Main Purpose of Job
The main purpose for this position is to provide IT support to the Board of Psychologists. This position provides full performance level work implementing and maintaining database applications; performs all functions as the webmaster for the Board; and resolves hardware and software issues.

This position is eligible for hybrid telework which is subject to approval.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Experience: One year of experience designing, developing, testing, implementing and maintaining applications systems and programs using generally accepted computer programming languages or maintaining and modifying operating systems for computers.
Notes:
1. Candidates may substitute graduation from an accredited high school or possession of a high school equivalency for one year experience certificate plus thirty credit hours from an accredited college or university in Computer Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or other information technology-related field to include course work in database management systems for the required experience.
2. Candidates may substitute one year experience operating computer systems; or scheduling, controlling input and output or maintaining a tape library to process data on computer systems; or converting data from project specifications by developing program code using generally accepted computer programming languages for graduation from an accredited high school or possession a high school equivalency certificate.
3. Candidates may substitute the possession of a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or other information technology related field to include course work in database management systems for the required experience.
4. Candidates may substitute U.S. Armed Forces military service experience as a commissioned officer in Database Administration classifications or Database Administration specialty codes in the Information Technology field of work on a year-for-year basis for the required experience.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
The desired candidate should possess:
Experience implementing and maintaining database applications and the website
Experience with Microsoft SharePoint
Knowledge of databases and query languages
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
Employees in this classification may be subject to call 24 hours a day and, therefore, may be required to provide the employing agency with a telephone number where the employee can be reached.
SELECTION PROCESS
Applicants who meet the minimum (and selective) qualifications will be included in further evaluation. The evaluation may be a rating of your application based on your education, training and experience as they relate to the requirements of the position. Therefore, it is essential that you provide complete and accurate information on your application. Please report all related education, experience, dates and hours of work. Clearly indicate your college degree and major on your application, if applicable. For education obtained outside the U.S., any job offer will be contingent on the candidate providing an evaluation for equivalency by a foreign credential evaluation service prior to starting employment (and may be requested prior to interview).
Complete applications must be submitted by the closing date. Information submitted after this date will not be added.
Incorrect application forms will not be accepted. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of a completed application.
Candidates may remain on the certified eligible list for a period of at least one year. The resulting certified eligible list for this recruitment may be used for similar positions in this or other State agencies.
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
Applicants must meet all minimum (and selective) qualifications to be considered, and to appear on the list of people eligible for hire. Please read all requirements before applying.
BENEFITS
Contractual employees who work for an agency covered under the State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program, have a current employment contract and work 30 or more hours a week (or on average 130 hours per month) may be eligible for subsidized health benefits coverage for themselves and their dependents. As a contractual employee, you will be responsible for paying 25% of the premiums for your medical and prescription coverage, including any eligible dependents you have enrolled. The State of Maryland will subsidize the remaining 75% of the cost for these benefits. You can also elect to enroll in dental coverage, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, and life insurance, but will be responsible to pay the full premium for these benefits.
Leave may be granted to a contractual employee who has worked 120 days in a 12 month period. This leave accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, not to exceed 40 hours per calendar year.
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS
Online applications are highly recommended. However, if you are unable to apply online, the paper application (and supplemental questionnaire) may be submitted to MDH, Recruitment and Selection Division, 201 W. Preston St., Room 114-B, Baltimore, MD 21201. Paper application materials must be received by 5 pm, close of business, on the closing date for the recruitment, no postmarks will be accepted.
If additional information is required, the preferred method is to upload. If you are unable to upload, please fax the requested information to 410-333-5689. Only additional materials that are required will be accepted for this recruitment. All additional information must be received by the closing date and time.
For questions regarding this recruitment, please contact the MDH Recruitment and Selection Division at 410-767-1251.
If you are having difficulty with your user account or have general questions about the online application system, please contact the MD Department of Budget and Management, Recruitment and Examination Division at 410-767-4850 or Application.Help@maryland.gov.
Appropriate accommodations for individuals with disabilities are available upon request by calling: 410-767-1251 or MD TTY Relay Service 1-800-735-2258.
We thank our Veterans for their service to our country.
People with disabilities and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
As an equal opportunity employer, Maryland is committed to recruitment, retaining and promoting employees who are reflective of the State's diversity.
