Role: Database Administrator
Location: Blue Ash, OH (ONSITE)
Description:
Responsible for the design, development, installation and performance of our Netezza appliances.
Experience with Multi-Rack Netezza Administration is required.
The successful candidate will be part of a team responsible for all appliance support, monitoring, performance, and documentation of all Netezza databases.
Data management tasks including:
User/Group/Permissions maintenance; Work Load Management; Database/Schema/Table design and maintenance; monitoring and performance; installs and upgrades of all related appliance software; collaboration with IBM Netezza support.
Support primarily Netezza appliance environment that will include configuration, administration and maintenance of business-critical 24x7 non-production and production environments.
The DBA will work with project teams and collaborate with the Database Team to deliver successful implementations.
A general understanding of underlying operating system, storage technologies, memory management, disk arrays, NAS/SAN, networking is needed to perform the job functions.
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skillset required.
Ability to work within a cross functional team environment required.
Ability to self-prioritize workload and manage deadlines effectively required.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal required.
Extensive experience with different backup/restore and disaster recovery solutions
Expert level experience in administering large databases in mission critical environment.
Must have Netezza Hardware and Network component knowledge.
Develop and define administrative and operational standard practices using Netezza utilities (Groom, Distribution, statistics, Zone Maps).
Solid experience in Netezza system configuration and setup with its utilities and tool sets.
Strong knowledge and experience with computer hardware including Servers, Network, SAN technologies, I/O subsystems
Strong communication, organizational, and time-management skills.
Self-starter, positive attitude, problem solving skills and self-initiative are must qualitie
Standout skills/experience:
Supporting multiple projects, experience working with offshore, Test Automation, Coupa, Maximo (set up and testing
INTERESTED PLEASE SHARE ME YOU ARE PROFILE TO varsha at sunixasolutions dotcom or call me at Nine Four Nine 8Nine9 Nine5Zero5
Job Types: Contract, Temporary
Pay: $20.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Netezza Administration: 10 years (Required)
Netezza Hardware: 10 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91 9498999505
