Database Administrator, Advanced - REMOTE
1) Maintaining and updating the CONNECT System as needed.
2) Managing and maintaining all production and non‐production databases.
3) Responsibility for standards and design of physical data storage, maintenance, access, and security administration.
4) Performing backup and recovery on Database Management Systems, configuring database parameters and prototype designs against logical data models, defining data repository requirements, data dictionaries, and warehousing requirements.
5) Optimizing database access and allocating/re‐allocating database resources for optimum configuration, database performance, and cost.
6) Designing and developing Oracle Database in a standalone or Real Application Clusters (RAC) environment.
7) Providing emergency after hours support for critical applications as needed upon the written approval of the client's Project Manage.
Knowledge, skills, and abilities:
1) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or another related field, or equivalent work experience.
2) A minimum of three (3) years of experience working with various database management systems in database design, testing, implementation, maintenance, and administration in a multiple platform environment.
3) Database Administration skills such as Oracle installation and server build out in for RAC or single instance.
4) Experience with patching and upgrading Oracle Database (DB) to 18c/19c.
5) Experience working in a development environment with application scheduled releases and experience with Procedural Language extension to Structured Query Language (PL/SQL).
6) Experience with partitioning, performance tuning, and supporting multiple databases.
7) A minimum of three (3) years of experience with performing general troubleshooting database maintenance activities including backup and recovery, capacity planning, and managing user accounts.
8) Experience in identifying and documenting risk areas and mitigation strategies for process and procedure activities.
9) Experience creating data design models, database architecture, and data repository design.
10) Experienced with migration of Oracle DB from an on‐premises environment to a Cloud environment.
11) A minimum of two (2) years of experience with Azure cloud platform
Job Types: Contract, Temporary
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Oracle Database (DB) to 18c/19c: 3 years (Required)
Database administration: 3 years (Required)
Azure cloud platform: 3 years (Required)
CONNECT System: 3 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
