

        Job Title 

        Senior Software Engineer

        Job Description

        The ideal candidate is a self-motivated problem-solver, creative builder, and demonstrated team-player. You will be a lead developer responsible for new software features and enhancements to existing features. You should have outstanding communication skills and the ability to "think outside the box" to find new and innovative solutions to unusual problems.
Our team works fully remote. Candidates must be based either in the US or the UK and must have a valid work permit for either country. We do not sponsor work visas.
Responsibilities
Writing clean, high-quality, high-performance, maintainable code
Developing and supporting software including applications, database integration, interfaces, and new functionality enhancements
Integrating new software components into a functional software system
Supporting test and deployment of new products and features
Participate in code reviews for troubleshooting and debugging of existing systems
Developing software verification plans and quality assurance procedures
Mentoring and managing junior team members
Collaborating with the rest of the team to design software specifications and ensure they are operationally feasible
Keeping software documentation up-to-date
Keeping software updated with the latest security features and upgrades
Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Strong experience with Django/Python (2+ years)
Experience with Angular 10+
Full-stack experience (4+ years)
Experience with Angular & NgRX (2+ years)
Experience with AWS S3/ECS (2+ years)
Experience with Terraform (1+ year)
Strong experience with software development best practices and design patterns
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively
About the Company
        Wildfell Software LLC is a life science startup that revolutionizes the lab sciences with innovative software solutions. Our mission is to empower scientists to achieve their goals faster and more efficiently through tailored software. Our flagship product, IGOR - Your Personal Lab Assistant, is a cloud-based research documentation software that streamlines workflow, manages data, and facilitates collaboration. We also offer data science consulting services to help scientists stay ahead in the fast-paced life science sector.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Anika Weber
            

            E-mail contact: aweber@igorlabapp.com

            
            Web: https://www.igorlabapp.com
            
        
