Job Description
The Department of Technology, Management and Budget supports the business operations of the state agencies through a variety of services including Information Technology project delivery, maintenance and support. This position is with the Agency Services area of DTMB.

We are looking for a person who understands the value of public service and wants to help us meet the needs of our citizens. Above all, we are looking for someone that is passionate about database administration. This person must be able to communicate effectively both orally and written with other analysts, project managers and with the user both listening and lending professional advice. This person must be able to work in a team focused environment.

As a Database Administrator, the employee performs a complete range of information system database analyst assignments including, but not limited to, designing, developing, testing, and implementing database systems for development, test, and production environments. This position will be primarily responsible for supporting Oracle database environments for the Department of Health and Human Services.

DBA P11 - Position Description

If you are a self-motivated person who wants a challenge and to work in a high paced environment, we are really interested in hearing from you.

The state of Michigan offers a competitive work experience that includes a tuition reduction program at several key higher education institutes if you would like to advance your education, good benefits, excellent vacation and sick time policies and an ability to successfully juggle your work and family life. We would like the opportunity to share with you more about the benefits of working for the state and joining the state of Michigan employee family if you are interested. Please consider sending in your application today.

Required Education and Experience
**Please submit a copy of your official college transcripts with your application. **
Education
Information Technology Programmer/Analyst P11/12
Possession of a Bachelor's degree with 21 semester (32 term) credits in one or a combination of the following: computer science, data processing, computer information systems, data communications, networking, systems analysis, computer programming, information assurance, IT project management or mathematics.

Experience
No specific type or amount is required.
Alternate Education and Experience
Information Technology Programmer/Analyst P11 - 12
Possession of an associate's degree with 16 semester (24 term) credits in computer science, information assurance, data processing, computer information, data communications, networking, systems analysis, computer programming, IT project management, or mathematics and two years of experience as an application programmer, computer operator, or information technology technician; or two years (4,160 hours) of experience as an Information Technology Student Assistant may be substituted for the education requirement.

OR

Educational level typically acquired through completion of high school and four years of experience as an application programmer, computer operator, information technology technician, or four years (8,320 hours) of experience as an Information Technology Student Assistant may be substituted for the education requirement.
Additional Requirements and Information
If applicable, attach copies of official college transcripts to your application. (Internet version of transcripts will not be accepted). Failure to attach applicable transcripts may result in your application being screened out.

Your application for any position does not guarantee that you will be contacted by the Department/Agency for further consideration. Only those applicants interviewed will be notified of the results.

The department reserves the right to close this posting prior to its original end date once a sufficient number of applications have been received.

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

The office of Career Services offers current state employees and interested applicants access to the job application process and a variety of career planning resources.
Certain positions may require certification in specific information technology programs.

View the job specification at: http://www.michigan.gov/documents/InformationTechnologyProgrammerAnalyst_12733_7.pdf (Download PDF reader)

State employment also offers rewarding careers where you can help Michiganders enjoy better lives. Many State of Michigan jobs offer alternate work schedules and remote-work options that can help give the flexibility you need. In 2022, Forbes ranked the State of Michigan in the Top 10 of America’s Best Employers For New Grads and as the #1 employer for new grads in government services. More details on benefits for our new hires are below:
Rewarding Work: State of Michigan jobs allow you to serve Michiganders in many different ways depending on your interests and skills. Help preserve and protect our environment and the public health; enforce state laws and regulations; advocate for children, families, and victims of discrimination; support our state’s military and veterans; rebuild our state’s infrastructure; or support other state agencies through our fiscal, IT, and HR systems.

Insurance Benefits: The State of Michigan offers health, mental health, dental, and vision insurance to eligible career employees, their spouses, and their children. The state also covers a life-insurance benefit of two times employees’ annual salary (up to $200,000). The state also offers long-term-disability insurance that can provide continuing benefits if an injury or illness prevents employees from working. More information is available at www.mi.gov/employeebenefits.

Retirement Programs: The State of Michigan offers 401(k) and 457 plans for new hires to save for retirement. The state will automatically contribute an amount equal to 4% of your pay to a 401(k) account. The state will also match up to 5% of your pay if you contribute to your 401(k) account. Your contributions vest immediately, and the state’s contributions fully vest after just 4 years. More information is available at http://www.mi.gov/orsstatedc.

Vacation and Sick Leave: Eligible full-time employees receive between 15 and 35 personal days and 13 sick days per year that may be rolled over to the following year if not used. Eligible employees also receive an additional day each year for community service or school functions.

Paid Parental Leave: Eligible employees can take 12 weeks of paid leave immediately after a birth or adoption to allow needed time together at home with a new child.

Paid Holidays: Eligible employees receive 13 or 14 paid holidays each year including New Year’s Eve and Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Presidents’ Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, the Fourth of July, Labor Day, Election Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving Friday, Christmas Eve and Day.

Bonus Programs: Eligible employees with five years of service also receive annual longevity bonuses that grow as seniority increases. Some positions also may qualify for recruitment, retention, and performance bonuses or other special pay premiums.

Military Pay Differential: Employees in the guard or reserves may also qualify for supplemental pay benefits if miliary pay during qualifying duty is less than normal state pay. Prior military service may also allow seniority credits to accelerate eligibility for longevity bonuses and additional personal leave accrual.

Tax-Advantaged Programs: In addition to 401(k) and 457 retirement accounts, the state also offers flexible spending account (FSA), health savings account (HSA), and qualified transportation fringe benefit (QTFB) programs that can help you save money by reducing your taxable income.

Student Loan Forgiveness: Working for the State of Michigan may allow you to participate in programs that forgive the balance of qualifying student loans. Information to help determine if you could qualify is available from the U.S. Department of Education.

Tuition Reduction: Some colleges and universities offer savings to eligible employees and family members to further their education while working for the State of Michigan.

Professional Development: To help develop your career, programs are available to apply for reimbursement of up to $2,000 a year for education and training for college course credits and non-degree programs.

Alternative and Remote Work Schedules: Depending on the nature of their duties, many state jobs offer flexible work schedules and remote or hybrid telecommuting options that can help obtain the work-life balance that you seek.

Great Lakes and Great Times: Michigan boasts four Great Lakes, 11,000 inland lakes, 36,000 miles of rivers and streams, 20 million acres of forests, 100 state and national parks and recreation areas, 1,300 miles of bike trails, 6,500 miles of snowmobile trails, the second-most ski areas in the nation, 650 public golf courses, 600 campgrounds, and an international dark-sky park—just for starters. Our cities offer concerts and cultural events, storied sports teams, education hubs, vibrant downtowns, one-of-a-kind craft beverages, and renowned restaurants for every appetite. From urban centers to beach towns to the great outdoors, the opportunities are endless. With your state salary and benefits and Michigan’s affordable cost of living, you can explore all that Michigan has to offer.

Updated: 11/14/2022
