Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Optum combines data, technology, and expertise to power modern health care. The Data & Advanced Analytic Tools Consulting team drives the adoption and use of technology solutions by managing, growing and developing relationships with research, scientific, and commercial leaders at life sciences companies through the use of Optum’s data assets and technology applications.
Optum's industry-leading data assets include clinically-robust Electronic Health Record (EHR) data spanning the care continuum (from the legacy Humedica business), eligibility-controlled affiliate and non-affiliate insurance claims data, a new class of deterministically-linked Integrated EHR and claims data, and linked profile data including socio-economic information and health risk assessments (HRAs). Optum’s data assets enable our clients to enrich their view of the patient and the patient journey through the healthcare system, serving needs across a spectrum of functional areas including real world evidence, health economics and outcomes research, safety and surveillance, epidemiology, and product commercialization.
Optum’s advanced analytic tools empower our clients to harness intelligence from these data assets with scale. Our wealth of data and tool solutions, combined with our industry expertise, is uncovering novel insights and driving real world change.
We’re now looking for a dynamic Senior Consultant to support Data & Advanced Analytic Tools, working closely with our clients across the industry.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Evaluate data to support and develop client relationships: listen, understand, and articulate client needs
Collaborate to solve unique and complex problems with impact spanning from team operations to business needs
Implement solutions that meet client needs
Partner with internal team members on cross functional client engagements
Work across teams to create use case studies and business proposals
Participate in the development of business strategy for assigned client accounts
Predict emerging client analytics needs and participate in the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs
Interact with other departments, such as sales, operations and others, to ensure high levels of client satisfaction through successful execution of data licenses and use of applications and data
Work in a cohesive partnership with Directors of Data Engagement on assigned key clients and collaborate with other teams within the Optum family

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree with 2+years of professional experience (or graduate degree with 1+ years professional experience) Professional experience must be in: life sciences industry, healthcare field, or life sciences management consulting
1+ years of experience supporting client or large projects for internal/external customers, preferably in the life sciences industry
1+ years of experience with patient-level healthcare data (claims, EHR, pharma,etc.) to support internal and external clients
1+ years of experience evaluating data to present findings based on business deliverable/requirements (role is client facing role, not data analysis role)
Experience presenting to a variety of stakeholders thru various media
Experience working across clients and supporting other team members in fulfillment of data and advanced analytics responsibilities
Solid understanding of Powerpoint and Excel (Powerpoint must be able to create and modify PPT’s) (EXCEL must be able to create spreadsheet, pivot tables, linking cells with little to no supervision)
Travel required up to 25%
Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation
Preferred Qualifcation:
SQL or R

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
*All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
