Job Title: - Data Scientist
Position: - W2 Employment ( Should work on our W2 )
Eligible Visa status: -OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H1B T, H4 EAD
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Long term contract
Job description
This role is responsible for leading efforts to develop and deliver complex data solutions to accomplish technology and business goals.
Key responsibilities include code design and delivery tasks associated with the integration, cleaning, transformation, and control of data in operational and analytics data systems.
They guide stakeholders, Product Owners, and Software Engineers through the design and execution processes.
Provide technical thought leadership based on the significant experience they have built through implementing multiple complex data solutions, and their knowledge of the interaction across multiple data flows and systems.
The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action
Key Responsibilities:
Ensure that the design and engineering approach for complex data solutions is consistent across multiple flows and systems.
Collaborate amongst team members to assist with knowledge gaps and or provide instructional training when needed.
Assist other work groups in application development using python or writing advanced SQL queries when deemed necessary.
Conduct research, designs prototyping and other exploration activities such as evaluating new toolsets.
Utilize multiple architectural components in design and development of client requirements.
Maintain, improve, clean and manipulate data for the operational and/or analytics data systems.
Constantly looking for better ways of solving technical problems and designing the solution without being afraid of challenging the status quo.
Collaborate with development teams to understand data requirements and ensure the data architecture is feasible to implement and subsequently implemented accurately.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional/ nonfunctional requirements.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, data quality controls, dependency and workload management.
Define and build data pipelines that enable faster, better, data informed decision making within the business.
Contribute to existing test suites (integration, regression, performance), analyze test reports, identify any test issues/errors, and triage the underlying cause.
Document and communicate required information for deployment, maintenance, support, and business functionality.
Adhere to team delivery/release process and cadence pertaining to code deployment and release
Identify gaps in data management standards adherence and work with appropriate partners to develop plans to close gaps.
Lead concept and experimentation testing and synthesize the results to validate and improve analytical solution.
Experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations.
They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights
The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Qualifications for Data Scientist:
Problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, hive, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Hadoop, Hive, MySQL, etc.
Benefits: -
Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B and GC filling
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Guesthouse facilities are also available
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $40.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91
