

        Job Title 

        Web Developer

        Job Description

        **If interested, only apply using the URL provided.**
Position Overview:
We are looking for a full stack web developer to add features to and maintain numerous external and internal Django-based websites.  You will work in a small agile team alongside other web developers, web designers, and 3D software developers.  At SideFX, you will have the ability to make a significant contribution to the success of our projects.  We are looking for the best and brightest to join our highly motivated team.
Please note that a valid proof of a completed COVID-19 vaccination series is an employment requirement.
What you will be working on:
Implement and maintain Django-based websites
Focus mainly on back-end development, but do front-end work as well
Participate in the IT operation of the websites (DevOps/DevSecOps)
Other duties as assigned.
Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        What you need to be successful:
Practical back-end web development experience
Proficiency with Python
Proficiency with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Ability to build user interfaces using the latest web standards
Experience working in Linux
Knowledge of how to build secure websites and servers
Excellent problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work well in a team development environment
Not required but great to have:
Experience with Django
Experience with Angular and vue.js
Experience with Ansible
Experience configuring and maintaining nginx
Experience with database administration (MySQL)
Experience with continuous integration systems
Interface design skills
About the Company
        Company Profile
For over thirty years, SideFX has been providing artists with procedural 3D animation and visual effects tools designed to produce the highest-quality cinematic results. We are passionate about what our customers do because our roots are in production, both as artists and as pioneering technical innovators.

SideFX has been recognized by the Academy of Motion Pictures, Arts and Science multiple times - including with an Oscar® - for the development of our Houdini software, and its breakthrough procedural-based technology.
Houdini is used by the world’s top film, TV, and game studios to create blockbuster movies such as Black Panther and Moana, captivating TV shows like  Spider-Man, The Lion King and Godzilla vs. Kong, TV shows like The Crown, Game of Thrones and S.W.A.T., and video games like Ghost Recon, Far Cry and Age of Empires. Our customers include Disney Feature Animation, Pixar, Sony Pictures, Imageworks, Weta Digital, Electronic Arts, Microsoft Game Studios, and many more.

What We Value Most:
Decency: We treat everyone with honesty, kindness and empathy. We give generously of our time and knowledge
Relationships: We build collaborative bonds—with our co-workers and clients—based on trust and respect. Our diverse team gives us broader perspectives
Dedication:  We take pride and ownership in our work, always trying to do our best. We are devoted to the well-being and success of each other and our clients
Excellence: We continually improve ourselves, our work and our company, striving towards excellence in all that we do
Our employees receive:
Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union Station) with the flexibility for most roles to work from home. You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project
Generous paid time off, including vacation and floater days to relax and re-energize (starting at 4 weeks)
Year-End Company Shutdown and Long Weekend Early departures to add to the excitement
Health insurance coverage (including a Health Service Spending Account for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents
Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support
Retirement Plan with company matched contributions
Comprehensive Long Service Award program, providing both a monetary reward and additional days off
A highly competitive bonus structure
A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones
Why join SideFX?
Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?)
Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing
Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product
Because you want to  work with people from all around the world
Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry
Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture
Because you want your job to be GREAT
Location
Our transit-friendly head office location, directly adjacent to Union Station in the heart of downtown Toronto, is open-concept with a relaxed style that includes, casual dress, and wraparound views from the 14th floor. Locations other than Toronto will be considered within our company’s possibilities.

SideFX is committed to inclusion and diversity. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply. Accommodation will be provided to candidates with disabilities, upon request.

        

        Contact Info
        E-mail contact: humanresources@sidefx.com

            
            Web: https://sidefx.bamboohr.com/careers/83
            
        
