

        Job Title 

        Full Stack Developer (FastAPI/VueJS)

        Job Description

        We are seeking a Developer to support the enhancement and further development of our platform build using FastAPI and Vue.JS.  The role is ideal for someone who enjoys solving complex business problems and making a difference in a collaborative start-up environment.
The successful candidate will have at least 4 years’ experience developing web applications and have a passion for web technologies.  Our stack is FastAPI and VueJS, but we are open to using other new and exciting technologies! This is a fantastic opportunity if you are looking to work with leading edge web technology, learn new things daily, and contribute innovative ideas to a growing platform.
What you’ll do
Application development using FastAPI and Vue.JS
Integrating with 3rd party APIs.
Build new features and enhancements.
Proactively identify system enhancements
Work with clients and end users to scope out future system developments
Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Required Skills and Experience
Expertise with Python and related tools (Poetry, SQLAlchemy)
Expertise with TypeScript and related tools (npm, vite, Vitesse, cypress.io)
Using SQL databases such as Postgres
Experience building and interacting with RESTful APIs.
Familiarity with GNU/Linux
Git Version control
Track record of meeting business problems with technology solutions
Thrive in a team environment and work well with others
Nice to haves
Financial services experience
AWS
QuickSight
Docker
Data science/Machine Learning experience
Mobile development
About the Company
        We are a team of technologists and financial advisers dedicated to transforming the wealth management business.  We believe the industry needs a major overhaul to provide the best wealth management tools and advice to everyone not just a limited few.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Matt Davis
            

            E-mail contact: tech-jobs@aventur.co.uk

            
            Web: https://www.aventur.co.uk/
            
        
