

        Job Title 

        Software engineer - internal tools (remote)

        Job Description

        We are looking for a US-based software engineer with strong Python skills who will help us build out the internal tools we need to increase productivity as we manage an increasingly large pipeline of energy efficiency projects. We are growing quickly, which is great, but growth means more data, more projects, and more coordination required to help us hit our goals.
Because you will primarily be building internal tools, you should be comfortable working closely with customers – that is, your coworkers. Are you the type of engineer who enjoys understanding user problems, brainstorming approaches, and using feedback to iterate toward a great solution? Then you may be the perfect person for this role.
The position comes with salary, stock options, 401(k) match, a great health plan, vision, dental, generous parental leave, and a flexible vacation policy — we want you to take the time off you need so that you are happy and productive.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Candidates must currently reside in the United States and have the legal right to work in the United States.
You should be self-directed, responsible, and committed to delivering maintainable code that meets users’ needs. You should have a product mindset and be comfortable analyzing existing processes to identify the improvements that will have the highest impact on our business. We need a problem solver who can ask good questions and collaborate effectively with teammates.
3+ years of experience as a software engineer
Comfortable making build vs. buy recommendations, weighing factors like total cost of ownership
Savvy about using the right tools for the job, including low-code or no-code frameworks where appropriate
Capable of delivering MVPs that allow for quick prototyping and testing
Experience using APIs to integrate different systems and automate workflows
Ability to do front end work when necessary (although this isn’t primarily a front end position)
Hands-on experience with tools such as Python, Elasticsearch / Kibana, Google Drive APIs, Google Apps Script, GitHub Actions, and Jira Automation.
About the Company
        Gridium is a venture-backed SaaS application provider with a mission to bring cost-effective energy savings to commercial real estate. We have been delivering deep energy savings to our customers for ten years, and we are now growing faster than ever due to increasing demand for real energy solutions.
We have been an all-remote company since our founding, and we love the fact that remote work gives us flexibility to balance our roles as employees, parents, family members, or however else we round out our time. Remote work allows us to find great people wherever they happen to be, and it allows you to structure your day with minimal interruption so that you can get stuff done in the style that makes most sense for you.
Of course, spending time face-to-face is important, so every three months we pick a city and meet up for several days of highly productive and highly fun planning and doing. Past trips include Chicago, Austin, Los Angeles, Palm Springs, New Orleans, and more. Although we switched to remote versions of these meet-ups during the pandemic, we have been excited to have the opportunity to start meeting face to face again. Please note that we do require all employees to be vaccinated against Covid.
We have a casual, collaborative work environment where everyone’s ideas matter. Since creative, enthusiastic employees are the basis for our success, we take great care and pride in how we attract, hire, and support our employees.
And of course
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Kimberly Nicholls
            

            E-mail contact: kimberly@gridium.com

            
            Web: https://apply.workable.com/gridium/j/8E0C2D6CE7/
            
        
