
Our client is one of the biggest science hubs in Europe.It employs approximately 3.000 top-notch researchers, engineers and scientists eager to resolve challenges and provide knowledge in order to support EU policies in a variety of areas from agriculture and food security, to environment and climate change, as well as nuclear safety, security and growth.At the moment, they are looking for a Data Scientist to:Design, implementation, testing, maintenance, deployment and documentation of software, with a focus on data collection, data management, data analytics and machine learning in python.  Provide subject matter expert technical support on data science and software development to European Institution technical and scientific staff.  Participation in technical working groups, progress meetings and meetings with the users and other stakeholders RequirementsExperience and/or ability to become proficient in data scraping (including from web sources), both programmatically through API calls, as well as using specialised libraries such as selenium, scrapy, beautifulsoup and similar. Excellent knowledge of the python programming language and relevant experience with libraries  used for data science, statistics and machine learning Excellent software development skills, including the ability to design and implement python  libraries and programs in line with requirements provided. Knowledge and experience following best practices for software development, including  documentation, testing and test automation, performance optimization, code versioning.  Experience in data scraping (including web scraping), data collection, management of structured  and unstructured data, database technologies (SQL and NoSQL). Knowledge of DevOps and CI/CD practices. Experience with Gitlab or similar environments. Ability to cope with fast changing technologies and libraries for machine learning and data science. Skills in one or more of the following would be advantageous: building recommendation systems,  scraping and analysis online platform or social network data, natural language processing, user  interface design. Ability to write clear technical documentation of software for users and other developers, in English language. 

