

        Job Title 

        Remote Senior Python Developer

        Job Description

        Are you on the hunt for exciting new challenges that boost your professional growth? If you’re an innovator by nature and a Python Developer by trade, we’d love to hear from you! Read on to see if you’d be a good fit for the Scopic team of 250+ professionals from over 40 countries.
At Scopic, the virtual world is our home so this is a fullly remote position. Only apply if you’re prepared for the zero-hour commute and the thought of collaborating with colleagues from around the globe excites you!
The skills and traits we’re looking for:
6+ years of professional software development experience
Senior level Python programming skills
Expertise in Flask or similar framework (e.g. Django) is a must
JavaScript programming skills, including at least one JavaScript framework (e.g. React, Angular, or Vue.js)
General programming best practices, including proper use of Git
Understanding of cloud services such as AWS, GCP, Azure
Other Requirements:
Good written and spoken English
Bachelor's degree or higher
Stable internet connection and home computer
Dedication and discipline to work remotely
The secret ingredients that make us special:
Your growth is our growth. We invest in your future with paid training and other professional opportunities.
We’re industry innovators at the forefront of change. Equipped with the latest technologies and a team of knowledgeable colleagues by your side, you’ll embrace new and interesting challenges.
Your location. Your schedule — Pick your time-zone, choose your preferred hours, and work from the place where you feel most at home.
Flexibility and freedom are in our DNA! As long as you have a stable internet connection and the drive to thrive, you can travel and work from anywhere you like.
A workload you can rely on. We’ll set you enough tasks to keep that mind busy! At Scopic, we’ll ensure you always have a consistent flow of engaging, challenging work to do.
Recognition and reward. We acknowledge diligence and hard work through annual pay increases for good performance.
Down to business!
Your starting salary is negotiable depending on your skills and experience.
This is an hourly paid position.
Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer.
Our values:
Scopic is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, marital status, national origin, gender, veteran status, sexual orientation, age, or disability status.
Have the skills, the drive, and the passion to join the Scopic family?
Apply today to join our growing team of remote professionals from around the world.
Please apply at the link: https://scopicsoftware.hire.trakstar.com/jobs/fk0x1tt?source=Python


        Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        6+ years of professional software development experience
Senior level Python programming skills
Expertise in Flask or similar framework (e.g. Django) is a must
JavaScript programming skills, including at least one JavaScript framework (e.g. React, Angular, or Vue.js)
General programming best practices, including proper use of Git
Understanding of cloud services such as AWS, GCP, Azure
Contact Info
        E-mail contact: O_pZzA62@scopicsoftware.hire.trakstar.com

            
            Web: https://scopicsoftware.hire.trakstar.com/jobs/fk0x1tt?source=Python
            
        
