

        Job Title 

        Senior Python Engineer

        Job Description

        As a Senior Python Engineer, you will be responsible for the entire software development life cycle, debugging applications and configuring existing systems. With our team, you can build your skills and push yourself to learn new things. Your ideas and experience will help build all aspects of the business. We enjoy discovering and implementing technology solutions that improve our business in exciting ways, and we think you will too. Ultimately, you’ll use your expertise in Python to help us deploy high-quality applications.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        5+ Years of professional Python experience
3+ years of professional experience with other languages (C, C++, Java, C#, Rust, or Go a plus)
Ability to design and build microservices in Python
Experience with BeautifulSoup and parsing HTML/XML
Experience with NOSQL storage like RethinkDB, MongoDB, CouchDB, or similar
API and data format integration experience (REST, WebServices, XML, JSON)
Familiarity with AWS services (EC2, ECS, S3)
Web Development Experience specifically HTML, CSS, JavaScript
About the Company
        We started this company over 20 years ago as a small court research company with an idea to change the way companies are informed about hiring decisions. We were on to something big! Today we’re the largest wholesale background screening research and data provider in the industry with over 1200 team members. We've always believed that if we invest in building a strong team creating the right processes and innovative technology, we could all achieve extraordinary results, together.
We have the passion, ambition, dedication and technology to drive strong results, and have fun doing it. We know that the important work we do for background screening companies protects the public and saves lives. We love the efficiencies our processes provide and the innovation our technology offers, but we don’t bury our heads in our computers all day. We love a good challenge and work together to overcome it.
For Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
InformData is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, and compensation.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Questin Francis
            

            E-mail contact: marvin-jobs@informdata.com

            
            Web: https://www.informdata.com/
            
        
