

        Job Title 

        Backend Python Developer for Distributed Company

        Job Description

        Long term job where you’d be part of a team which works closely together, figuratively. :)
The team is geographically distributed and trips to meet are rare.
Work hours are flexible but must be compatible as communication is fluid, therefore, we need you to be between UTC+3 and UTC-3 (this includes half of America, Europe, Middle East and Africa).
The work is Python backend development.
Systems are mostly REST services or message passing (brokered) agents.
Development is TDD, Python, OOP on Linux, organized in an agile fashion. Many AWS technologies are used but they are not a prerequisite.
We are looking for decent, self-managed, driven people who will care to produce good quality work and can work in a team effectively.
The salary offer will be between 40K and 55K €/year.
The hiring process has 4 stages:
We would like to know a bit about you other than what is normally in the CV. One characteristic of our company is that we are remote workers which measure results, not hours. The side-effect of this is that you will be quite free to manage your own time.

Which would be the positive and the negative aspects of this for you, personally?
H​ow do you manage yourself?


An online quiz which should take about one hour.

A technical interview which should take between one and two hours.

Finally, there will be a non-technical interview of about one hour.

If you are interested, please send your CV and the four answers to hr@domainsbot.com.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        There are some skills which take long to develop, so it would be greatly beneficial to already have:
The official company language is English and a very good level is required.
Five years of experience developing software is required.
Python takes months to master so good knowledge is required.
Experience with operations on Linux is important.
About the Company
        DomainsBot has been helping the leaders in the domain and hosting industry extract value from data and drive more revenue for almost 19 years.
Founded in Rome, Italy in 2004, DomainsBot is today a well-known and respected name in the industry. We are a young and diverse team with strong technical skills and a comprehensive knowledge of the domain market.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Arihanta Razafindranovona
            

            E-mail contact: hr@domainsbot.com

            
            Web: https://domainsbot.com
            
        
