
WHAT YOU’LL LIKE ABOUT US Great company culture! Our diverse backgrounds, commitment, and passion are the things that make us great.  We geek out on new ideas, proposals, anything that will positively impact our clients and of course, you! We’ve got training sessions in store to help you level up your skill set.  With you on Boldr’s side, we’ll tackle social responsibility initiatives together. We also cap off every week with a bit (a lot) of competitive board games. WHAT IS YOUR ROLEYou’ll be a key member of our Data engineering team. You will contribute to the overall team's success by building automation and processes to make the team more efficient. Your priorities will be:Be an escalation point for data engineering work taking on more complex, technically challenging, or urgent tasks. Identify and implement quick turnaround projects that will immediately reduce toil for data Engineering Team, Customer Support Team, or Solutions Architects. Mentor and up skill junior data engineers. be willing to assist junior data engineers with any blocks. WHY DO WE WANT YOUWe are currently looking for impact-driven individuals who are passionate in helping Boldr grow and achieve our Purpose. We expect our Team to become our ultimate partners to success by always giving their 110% in everything, sharing their talents and quirks, and championing our core values: Curious, Dynamic and Authentic.WHAT WILL YOU DOImproving data quality and efficiency, ensuring that data is accurate, consistent, and easily accessible. You will have a strong understanding of data management and be able to implement best practices to improve data quality and efficiency. Developing and creating adaptable data pipelines that are capable of managing substantial amounts of data. Design and implement the various components that will move data from its source to its destination, including data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) processes. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand requirements and design changes to the existing complex system, as well as, develop and implement change to the existing complex system, with a focus on data engineering solutions. Testing the data ingestion tools to ensure that they work as expected, including running various test scenarios to verify that the data is ingested correctly and that the tools can handle any errors or exceptions that might occur. Continuously monitor and improve data ingestion performance and identify opportunities to optimize data processing and reduce data latency. Working with non-standard data formats and mapping data that customers provide. You should have experience working with non-standard data formats and be able to turn this data into actionable information. Play an active role in discussions around engineering tools and help guide the organization towards building and designing for future growth. You will have a strong understanding of data engineering and be able to bring new ideas and perspectives to the table. Dedicated to code quality, testing, design processes, automation, and operational excellence. You should have a strong understanding of data engineering best practices and be able to implement these practices to ensure the success of data initiatives. RequirementsWHAT WE’LL LIKE ABOUT YOUYOU ARE…Curious and authentic, just like us! #beboldr An analytical and critical thinker, with an eye for even the most minute of details. Motivated by: helping others succeed and grow, seeing what you’ve built be immediately in use and making others’ lives easier, driving business value. YOU HAVE…Previous experience as a data or back end  engineer or in a similar role 5+years. Technical expertise with data models, data mining, and segmentation techniques 5+years. Knowledge of programming languages (e.g. Python) 5+years. Writing skills on Python. Perform data ingestion. Hands-on experience with SQL database design, advanced. Great numerical and analytical skills. Degree in Computer Science, IT, or similar field; a Master’s is a plus. Data engineering certification is a plus. Previous retail/supply chain experience will be an added advantage. Previous ERP experience in the following modules, sales and distribution, warehouse management and materials management. Spark experience a plus and SRE experience a plus. Strong problem-solving ability and ability to work with stakeholders to identify both high-tech and low-tech solutions and choose the solution appropriate to the problem. Experience working in a fast-paced environment and managing multiple projects simultaneously. Experience working with large and complex systems, including those with high-volume data pipelines BenefitsMedical insurance Life insurance  Law benefits Psychological Support 
