

        Job Title 

        Remote Senior Full-Stack Developer

        Job Description

        We are looking for an experienced Full-Stack Engineer to join our Global Talent Network.
Our clients are in Europe, United States and Canada and together with us, they believe in a fully remote work approach.
The ideal candidate for this position would be able to dive into any kind of project, from frontend UI/UX tasks in React.js to backend tasks running on Node.js.
Responsibilities
Working as a part of a distributed globally development team, usually 3-5 people.
Direct communication with Tech Lead or CTO from the Client’s side and other team members in order to successfully cooperate on day-to-day duties.
About us
ExpertRemote is a Global Tech Talents Network. We help top engineers to find great remote jobs. Please, apply through our platform: https://expertremote.io
We’re looking for a Full Stack Engineer to join our Global Talent Network!


        Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Must:
3+ years of experience in both backend and frontend development.
Experience with NoSQL or/and SQL Databases.
Experience developing complex web applications.
Fluent English (B2 and higher).
Nice to have:
Experience with Golang or Python.
Experience in cloud platforms (Google-Cloud, AWS, Azure).

        

        
        About the Company
        ExpertRemote is a vetted developer marketplace. We sourced and screened 40,000 developers to pick only 400 top talent. Then we built a platform to match the right developers with the right vacancies. After hiring one of our devs you get dedicated account manager who will provide you ongoing support.
Hire top 1% of developers, UI/UX designers, product managers, etc through our platform. It’s fast, because we have a large talent pool and you just need 3-5 business days and 2-3 interviews on average to make a hire. It’s easy, because you manage developers directly while we handle all the admin stuff. It’s super cost-effective, because we semi-automated sourcing, vetting and matching and we’re fully remote, which allows us to work with 3-5x lower margins than the average IT outsourcing firm.
Give us a call and we’ll provide you a free consultation on how to hire remote tech staff globally.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Alex
            

            E-mail contact: contact@expertremote.io

            
            Web: https://expertremote.io/
            
        
