

        Job Title 

        Staff Python Backend Engineer

        Job Description

        Are you a Python engineer with at least five years of experience in programming and at least a year of experience in Python? Look no further – this is the job opportunity you’ve been looking for.
Salary:
75 - 100 USD per hour, or
12600- 16800 USD a month (if you do 40 hours per week)
We offer flexible work schedule (measured by time tracker).
Would you like to know more about this opportunity? Just go to https://careers.reef.pl/ and see what we’re all about!
We could have built a careers website with a big picture of smiling faces in an office or maybe with a photo of a bunch of dudes in t-shirts with the company logo… but we designed it specifically for Senior Backend Engineers.
The best way we've found to give you the RESPECT you deserve led us to implement something completely unorthodox. 💡 You will find no job offer PDFs, no graphics, there is actually not real HTML at all. We will NATIVELY transfer the answers to any questions that you might have to your mind.
Let us know if you like the way we went about recruitment, and be sure to share it with other experienced Python engineers who might be interested in this job offer.
Please apply via our platform. Do not send us your CV.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Tech stack:
Python - advanced
Backend - advanced
Databases - regular
As a dynamic company focused on high-value and high-difficulty projects, we’re looking for more than an experienced Pythonista – we also want to find someone with the internal motivation required to keep pushing work forward even when there’s no manager on the team to point fingers on the current priorities.

        

        
        About the Company
        Reef Technologies: fully remote Python software house 💡
We are a small, agile team composed exclusively of senior engineers with at least five years of experience. We know what it takes to deliver stable solutions – and that is exactly what we do. By always taking edge cases into account, we minimize the probability of ever having to perform urgent fixes.

        

        Contact Info
        E-mail contact: hiring@reef.pl

            
            Web: https://careers.reef.pl/
            
        
