

        Job Title 

        Senior Software Engineer

        Job Description

        Budgie Health is seeking a talented and motivated python engineer with an ownership mindset. You will be working with the founding team, building a new product from the ground up. This is an incredible opportunity to make a meaningful impact on how people plan financially for healthcare and to work in a fast paced environment.
You will help plan, scope, and develop new features
Help to identify and improve resource and performance bottlenecks
Identify and mitigate bugs
Enhance and improve the testing and testability of the codebase
Collaborate with product, design, and data focused colleagues
You will deliver high-quality experiences and approach development with a high degree of craft.
Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        3-12 years experience as a software engineer
Capable of thriving in a fast-changing start-up environment where things change quickly
Experience and comfort working in a Python environment
Experience using a Python web framework (Django, Flask, FastAPI)
Experience with AWS, relational databases, REST APIs, MVC Architecture, and OOP principles
Bonus Points:
Prior experience building SaaS products
Context working in the healthcare and/or insurance space
DevOps experience
Data engineering experience
Knowledge of front end frameworks and tooling (Tailwind, Alpine, React, Vue, etc) and design tools (Figma, …)
About the Company
        Budgie Health is here to make healthcare benefits less confusing.
People shouldn’t need a PhD to understand their healthcare. At Budgie, we are reinventing how Americans interact with their healthcare benefits. We believe that by translating complex healthcare data into simple financial experiences, we can empower people to make better decisions while saving time, money and stress.
We are starting by modernizing how employees choose their health insurance plan because this is one of the biggest sources of frustration and Americans waste >$150B annually making the wrong choices.
We are a NYC-based startup (but support US based eastern/central remote work), backed by some of the world’s most accomplished investors (early backers of Venmo, Gusto, Bumble, and Dropbox). We are solving a really hard problem and are already seeing strong engagement and results with our current clients. We are a team of world-class technologists, designers, operators, and healthcare geeks, looking for new members to join the early team. We come from the healthcare and fintech world, having been part of the early teams at Oscar Health, Cedar, Yieldstreet, Healthcare BlueBook and PathAI.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Bastien
            

            E-mail contact: jobs@budgie-health.com

            
            Web: https://www.notion.so/budgie-health/Python-Engineer-8bc18786db9943f1832bff9aef4caba6
            
        
