

        Job Title 

        Senior and Semi Senior Developers - Argentina Only

        Job Description

        We are looking for Software Engineers who have a passion for technology and solving interesting challenges. You will design and implement highly scalable systems and algorithms for high throughput, performance, reliability and latency. You will join a startup tech team that is building data products that enable more and better healthcare.
The output of your work will be instrumental in redefining healthcare operations. Apply modern technologies — micro services, data apps, data pipelines, machine learning — to healthcare operations. Come help us deliver great products to healthcare teams


        Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Objectives of this Role
Architect, design, implement, test and deliver highly scalable products.

Master our development process, culture, and codebase, then improve it.

Operate effectively in the hybrid engineering model where engineers are encouraged to de
sign and execute the vital work to ensure quality in their own code as well as other engineers.


Mentor others in development technologies, tools and processes.

Develop test strategies, design automation frameworks and write unit/functional tests to
drive up code coverage and automation metrics.


Responsibilities
Design and implement highly scalable systems and algorithms for high throughput and performance
Architect data pipelines and web applications for company products
Create microservices and data apps using Python, JavaScript and cloud architecture (AWS)
Learn new company technologies and work effectively in a fast-paced dynamic environment.
Work closely with the rest of the team members to develop, test, deploy, and operate high
quality software.
Bring positive energy!
Qualifications
Requirements
Deep knowledge and industry proven experience in Python.

REST APIs and general API design.

Experience with Agile software development and test-driven development.

Good algorithmic thinking

Ability to deliver and passion for high quality code

Experience in system architecture design and development

Hands on experience in AWS. (cloudformation, VPC, ECS fargate, EC2, Lambda)

Ability to start projects from scratch (Git, CI/CD pipeline, docker)

Experience and development/operation background of containerization technologies (such as
Kubernetes).


Experience with Docker and microservices.

Knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL or MySQL, DynamoDB, MongoDB)

Experience with orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow.

Experience building ETL/ELT data pipelines.

Nice to have
Experience in front end development.

JavaScript, React, Next.JS.

Experience building and deploying data pipelines to cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, Azure
etc.


Experience of leading projects and/or agile engineering teams.

About the Company
        Wúru was founded in 2020 with the goal of driving healthcare operational excellence using AI, and in this way unlocking the wellbeing of patients and care professionals.
Initially the founders bootstrapped the MVP of the product, and tested it in 5 operating rooms in a hospital in Rosario, Argentina. In 2020 Wúru was selected in the Startup Chile program, received angel investment and closed its first international customer - Clínica Universidad de Navarra in Spain.
In April 2021, Wúru announced a $1M capitalization through a seed funding round, led by Kalei Ventures

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Ignacio
            

            E-mail contact: ignacio@hireastronauts.com

            
            Web: https://www.wuru.site
            
        
