
Prima is an Italian tech company that has been disrupting the insurance industry since its launch in 2015, achieving a € 170 million investment since 2018. Prima now boasts over two and a half million of active clients and has started its international expansion, opening new offices in the UK and in Spain.Our vision is to become the UK's best car insurance provider. Data is at the very heart of any modern business, but this has been the case for insurance providers longer than most. We have an opportunity to develop a competitive edge by creating a data platform that will best serve our whole business while being unencumbered by the legacy of our competitors.We need experienced data engineers to bridge the gap between our data scientists/analysts and software engineers. This will involve shaping the requirements for and designing well engineered data pipelining and warehousing solutions that will support the business as it grows from inception to scale, one with a passion for data. This will not just involve working with the engineering teams, but working closely with all business functions from Product to Finance, Providing an engineering perspective to Product and Stakeholders for example giving input on critical decisions and design complex distributed applications making sure all stakeholder requirements are addressed.RequirementsWorking with a team of Data Scientists and Data Engineers spearheading Data Science, Data Engineering & Analytics. Work in a multi-functional setup to identify and support our data and software development needs and use cases Collaborate with engineering and data science teams to develop our long-term data-oriented solutions for our partners. Share knowledge, promote clean data engineering methodologies and mentor colleagues. Be a technical leader in the department when it comes to Data Engineering! Design, implement and maintain ETL pipelines feeding downstream applications. Design an implement innovative yet stable data orchestration in Kafka SkillsExperienced in distributed data processing using Spark SQL and PySpark (Databricks) You are proficient with Python with passion for writing clean, modular and maintainable production code You are knowledgeable in SQL, Relational or MPP data warehouses, ETL design and development, pipeline orchestration, data modelling, and data quality testing methods You have experience building data solutions on cloud, ideally AWS You have experience with Kafka and pub/sub toplogies BenefitsWe will give you all you need to express your talent and work at your best:Innovative and informal workplace Latest generation devices and tools Constant training (internal and external) Welfare and company benefits Team building events We will evaluate salary and contract terms during the interview, in order to ensure you an offer adequate to your experience and to your competence.The employment is Full Time.Our office is in Piazzale Loreto 17, 20131 Milano (MI), but we also consider Full Remote hiring from other european countries and for our offices in Rome, London and Madrid.-Prima is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. The company prohibits discrimination of any kind based on race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by national laws.

