
Company DescriptionSigma Software provides top-quality software development solutions and IT consulting to more than 170 customers all over the globe. Volvo, SAS, Oath Inc., Fortum, IGT (previously GTECH), Checkmarx, Formpipe Software, JLOOP, Vergence Entertainment, Collective, Genera Networks, Viaplay, and others trust us to develop their products.
Our clients choose us for our timely and efficient communication, flexibility, strong desire, and ability to reach clients' business goals. Sigma Software is among World's Top 100 Outsourcing by IAOP and the Top 5 IT employers in Ukraine. We deliver benefits to customers in finance and banking, automotive, media and advertising, telecommunications, cybersecurity, gaming and gambling industry, aviation, real estate, energy and healthcare. Our tech specialists have advanced skills and ample resources to create large-scale solutions and guide startups from ideas to ready products.
Sigma Software is part of Sigma Group, one of the largest IT corporations in the Scandinavian market, employing 5,000+ people in 16 countries. Sigma Software unites 2000+ specialists in Poland, Bulgaria, Ukraine, the USA, Sweden, Canada, the Czech Republic, Portugal, Hungary, Brazil and others. In 2022 we've opened 16 new offices (10 worldwide and 6 in Ukraine).Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Data Engineer/Team Lead to join one of our teams and help us build great products for our clients. If you have extensive experience and leadership skills as well as the ability to set your own work priorities and act as a supervisor for colleagues with less experience – this opportunity is for you.   Are you ready to become a a leader in a stellar team? Let’s try! CUSTOMEROur client is a global leader in location technology working in the AdTech domain. It is a leading media platform company powered by real-world behaviors. Brands, agencies, small businesses, and non-profits trust our client to generate real business results.  QualificationsREQUIREMENTSMasters degree/B.Tech or 8+ years experience in technology The following skills/certifications:Python, SQL, AWSDetail Oriented  Adaptable and able to pivot to meet demands and carry out expectations  Organized and have demonstrated the ability to prioritize and deliver work in a timely manner Able to work under strict deadlines and be able to prioritize a heavy workload A team-player and not afraid to roll up your sleeves and help out when/where needed Self-sufficient and not afraid to take the lead and manage tasks independently Coachable and open to feedback Respectful – we treat each other with respect and assume the best of one another NICE TO HAVE SKILLS/CERTIFICATIONS: Athena, Lambda, EMR, Spark, Glue, Step Functions, Hadoop, Kinesis, Orc, Parquet, Perl, Awk, Redshift RESPONSIBILITIESProactively work to develop the skills and behaviors of each team member, coaching and mentoring them toward success in their tasks and careers Collaborate with management, stakeholders, and the team to evaluate, plan, and deliver projects involving advertising software systems, components, and features Promote transparency regarding the team’s activities across the organization through documentation, structured processes, and effective communications Facilitate the team’s learning, growth, and maturity in their agile practices Lead by example writing production-ready front-end and backend-code with a continuous delivery & deployment pipeline on AWS Support employees by having regular 1:1 conversation, providing feedback, planning for and conducting quarterly reviews, scheduling time-off, facilitating training, providing recognition, and managing any personal or performance issues 
