
Company DescriptionAt SGS, you can choose!First of all, out of our various vacancies.However, SGS also gives you another choice.Do you choose to expand or to enrich? We are not only looking for colleagues who can go in to depths of their discipline. We are equally as much looking for colleagues who we call ‘connectors’, people who can connect our diversity to our services. To each other. And this way, enrich our business.SGS is the world’s leading inspection, verification, testing and certification company. We’re also the benchmark worldwide for quality and integrity. And that makes us very proud. This can only happen thanks to more than 95 000 colleagues worldwide, with 1650 employees in Belgium only. Our employees give 110% of themselves every day, divided over all expertises, branches and cultures. Our coworkers build their own way inside the company, the services and the expertise.SGS Life Science Services carries out all type of services for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, from coordination and running of clinical trials with new molecules or techniques on human beings, to support and consultancy on post marketing registration activities. SGS Life Science Services has also expertise in the quality control of pharmaceuticals.For the moment, we are seeking candidates for the following position (m/f):Data Management Assistant CoördinatorJob DescriptionThe main responsibility of the DMA Coordinator consists of ensuring the overall planning, coordination and follow-up of all DMA (Data Management Assistant) and MA-BMA (Management Assistant Biometrics-Medical Affairs) activities.Next to this the DMA Coordinator also performs DMA and MA-BMA tasks, is responsible for training of new DMA’s and serves as the single point of contact for all DMA activities towards all involved departments.You will report to the Head of Data Management.QualificationsCoaching skills and people management skills are a must!Time Management helps you out to combine all your responsibilities and tasksOf course, you work in a very accurate wayYou are positive and you have a constructive, professional attitudeYou are pro-activeYou have excellent communicative skillsLast but not least, you can also recognize yourself in these characteristics: stress resistant, flexible, team player, quality minded, problem solver.Additional InformationWhat we have to offer: In this job we offer you the possibility to become part of scientific story without having a scientifical background. At SGS you can count on an interesting position where you can take responsibility. Come enjoy our fun team of colleagues and on top of that, we will reward you with a salary package fully adapted to your needs (incl. retirement plan, meal vouchers, etc,…)Come enjoy our team of colleagues and take your chance to be part of a great and dedicated team!Do you want to be part of the SGS-family?We are looking forward to hearing from you!Send us your story and your resume via the apply button and maybe you will soon join us for work and coffee breaks.Still have questions? Heidi Aerts can give you more details about the job.
Send her an e-mail at heidi.aerts@sgs.com.

