
Company DescriptionQAD is building a world-class SaaS company, and we are growing. We are looking for talented individuals who want to join us on our mission to help solve relevant real-world problems in manufacturing and the supply chain.We are a virtual first company and your primary work experience will be virtual / working from your home.  Occasional travel to a physical office may be required to enhance working relationships, collaboration, design, strategy and alignment.    Job DescriptionThe IT Data Ops team within QAD is on a transformational journey to re-engineer and migrate our traditional data warehouse, data pipelines and reporting/BI capabilities into the (Google) Cloud.We are looking for a Senior Data Warehouse Data Engineer (Cloud) to join the IT Data Ops team. The successful candidate will help us leverage SQL-first transformation workflow tools like dbt Cloud to transform data into information and Reporting/BI tools like Looker Studio to turn information into insight and insight into business decisions. Roles and ResponsibilitiesDesign and Build Data modelsCreate (dbt) pipelines to bring new data from various sourcesPlan, review, and perform the implementation of database changes for integrations and EDW workProvide logical layers (database views) for end-user access to data in database systemsWork with business users to build appropriate and useful reporting deliverablesAnalyze existing SQL queries for performance improvementsAnalyze and troubleshoot issues to resolutionParticipate in defining and developing new cloud data warehouse architecture on GCPQualificationsBS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant work experience3 years of experience in data and analytics development, preferably GCP BigQuery experience.Experience with developing data models (Star Schema)Knowledge of data cleaning, wrangling, visualization, and reportingExperience working with Cloud-Based Data Pipelines (CI/CD with dbt) Git (GitLab).Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.Willingness to explore new alternatives or options to solve data issues, and utilize a combination of industry best practices, data innovations and your experience to get the job done.Passion for documenting work and sharing knowledge systematically is a mustAdditional InformationYour health and well being are important to us at QAD. We provide programs that help you strike a healthy work-life balance.Opportunity to join a growing business, launching into its next phase of expansion and transformation.Collaborative culture of smart and hard-working people who support one another to get the job done.An atmosphere of growth and opportunity, where idea-sharing is always prioritized over level or hierarchy.Compensation packages based on experience and desired skill setAbout QAD:QAD Inc. is a leading provider of adaptive, cloud-based enterprise software and services for global manufacturing companies. Global manufacturers face ever-increasing disruption caused by technology-driven innovation and changing consumer preferences. In order to survive and thrive, manufacturers must be able to innovate and change business models at unprecedented rates of speed. QAD calls these companies Adaptive Manufacturing Enterprises. QAD solutions help customers in the automotive, life sciences, packaging, consumer products, food and beverage, high tech and industrial manufacturing industries rapidly adapt to change and innovate for competitive advantage. 
QAD is committed to ensuring that every employee feels they work in an environment that values their contributions, respects their unique perspectives and provides opportunities for growth regardless of background. QAD’s DEI program is driving higher levels of diversity, equity and inclusion so that employees can bring their whole self to work.
#LI-Remote

