
Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why you'll love this role
The Lead Data Analyst specializes in delivering actionable insights that drive business value. Organizing and analyzing data from various sources to understand key pain points and opportunities from the numbers, the Analyst will influence decision making. Within this role, team members use a range of tools and methodologies, including statistics and technical expertise, to generate results which highlight useful insights. Each team member requires high-level communications skills, a strong sense of urgency, and focus on how their analyses will impact the business. 
What you'll do
Consistently deliver actionable insights that drive data based decision-making on a wide range of initiatives from the buyer and seller experience within our two-sided marketplace
Analyze data with standard statistical methods, interpret results, and summarize results
Effectively communicate results to teammates and business partners
Work closely with engineering, marketing, and product to create holistic analytic solutions
Turn numbers and data into clear, concise recommendations to help senior leaders make data driven decisions
About you
4+ years of applied experience working performing data analysis
Domain knowledge in product analytics such as Seller tools, Buyer Experience, Operations, Delivery, Checkout, Payments, Marketplace or Fraud
Experience creating insights, providing solutions and exposing possible areas of opportunity
Completed end-to-end data analysis projects
Experience in designing and analyzing A/B tests. An understanding of confidence intervals and noise reduction techniques
Required experience using SQL to create data sets
Basic statistical knowledge and usage to drive business decisions
Demonstrated experience visualizing (Tableau, PowerBI etc.)
Preferred Bachelor’s Degree in relevant field (Economics, Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, Finance) or equivalent experience
Nice to have skills
Experience using machine learning techniques in analysis
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
Pursuant to the various pay transparency laws/acts, the base salary range is $130,000 to $175,000 plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.

