
Company DescriptionAt ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.  With more than 7,400+ customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies® 2022. Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow. Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.Job DescriptionWhat you get to do in this role: We are looking for a Rock Star with a winning track record in Big Data, Data Warehousing, Visualization and Data Web Services.  The Staff Data Engineer will be a core technical contributor to the team with deep expertise in manipulating and structuring large, complex datasets that feed central data warehouses.  S/he will be responsible for helping stand up and maintaining daily data transfer jobs, database structures, identifying data integrity issues, and developing documentation on data assets. The Staff Data Engineer will also work closely with ServiceNow data analysts and data scientists to help prep data for models and dashboards.    The ideal candidate should have a background in Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, equivalent quantitative field or related practical experience with an obsession on data quality. S/he should have an outstanding ability to foster relationships with staff across departments and be motivated to continuously achieve positive results.  Extensive understanding to the needs of data visualization is a must for this role.  S/he should also be able to effectively handle ad hoc requests and multitask with ease and little guidance.   Examples Of Day-to-Day Responsibilities Enforcing company data policies and procedures to ensure data quality and reduce discrepancies Securing approvals for data access based on business needs Developing scalable automated ETL jobs and maintain them Identify any data integrity issues and deep dive to find root cause Develop and manage Python and API calls to stand up master data sets and merge datasets across disparate systems Training analysts and data scientists alike on available data sources Ensuring very large databases and compute clusters operate optimally Implementing and maintaining database structures and governance Developing / maintaining documentation on databases and production tables Collaborating across the company’s multiple data teams to meet analytics deliverables QualificationsIn order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, a related quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in consulting, business intelligence, analytics, or an equivalent analyst position with advanced experience in SQL and an additional object-oriented programming language (e.g., Python, Java, JavaScript) Experience with Jenkins & Git a PLUS Experience in AirFlow a PLUS Effective problem solving and analytical skills. Ability to manage multiple projects and report simultaneously across different stakeholders Proven track record for developing/maintaining performance optimized data models for production analytics Structured thinking with ability to easily break down ambiguous problems and propose impactful data modeling designs Passion for analyzing large and complex data sets and converting them into the information which drive business decisions Attention to detail, organization and effective verbal/written communication skills Experience in big data instances: Cloudera, Azure, Snowflake, and the like. Proven track record in rolling out self-service analytics solutions (e.g. Tableau Server) Proven experience in developing automation scripts to monitor ETL jobs Solid decision making, negotiation, and persuasion skills, often in ambiguous situations Must be able to work in fast paced environment and be able to adapt to changing requirements. Understanding of technology development projects and the full technology development lifecycleAdditional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.   From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

