
Company DescriptionCGG is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data, products, services and solutions in Earth science, data science, sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital, energy transition, natural resource, environmental, and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future.Our Visions Our new “Incubator” team is working on the development of new business opportunities for sectors beyond Earth science. It represents an opportunity to make a real change in the company, while having fun in an enjoyable work environment. We want to achieve 3 goals: Build new and sustainable businesses. Offer everyone in the company the opportunity to be an innovator. Challenge the status quo.Job DescriptionYou are pursuing the last year of Engineering School or Master 2, with a solid background in computer science and machine learning. You are looking for a six-month internship where you can deeply participate in the development of a MLOps framework.You will build a fundamental tool that will ease the knowledge sharing across several teams within Incubator, helping them build their own production-ready Machine Learning pipeline on day-1. You will also contribute to a business-driven project which helps potential client solve their real-world problems.What will you learn? During your internship, you will work within the Incubator team, a new team within CGG. You will work on a fundamental MLOps project which will ease the creation of reproducible, maintainable, and modular ML code from experimentation to production, with straightforward interfaces ensuring that all ML tools work together seamlessly.  During the internship, you will work on the following aspects: Development of mentioned MLOps framework, Contribute to the research & development of ML algorithms for a business-driven project in Incubator,Knowledge sharing within & across teams,QualificationsIn the last year of Engineerin School or Master’s degree in computer science with Development & Machine learning & MLOps skills. What you will need :Ability to write robust & clean code in Python,Writing good tests,Experience with CI/CD,Experience of development with one machine learning framework, Pytorch or Tensorflow,Knowledge of the life cycle of MLOps and understand the importance of building a production-ready pipeline at day-1 of experimentation,Knowledge of some opensource MLOps libraries/framework is a plus (DVC, Kerdo, ZenML, MLFlow…), Comfortable with spoken/written English,We are also looking for someone with :Enthusiastic attitude towards learning and passion for your subject,The technical agility to adapt your existing knowledge to a new field,Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts,Additional InformationStart date internship : April 2023 for 6 monthsWe see things differently. Diversity fuels our innovation, we value the unique ways in which we differ, and we are committed to equal employment opportunities for all professionals.

