
Founded in 2016 with only a handful of individuals, Quantexa was built with a purpose that through a greater understanding of context, better decisions can be made. 6 years, 10 locations and 600+ employees later we still believe that today. We connect the dots within our Customers data using dynamic entity resolution and advanced network analytics to create context, empowering businesses to see the bigger picture and drive real value from their data.  Due to the continuous success and high demand from our customers, we are looking for a Data Engineer with a proven track record to join the Quantexa family. 🚀 What does a Data Engineer role at Quantexa look like?  In order to be a successful data Engineer at Quantexa, you’ll need to be comfortable dealing with both internal and external stakeholders You will be managing, transforming and cleansing high volume data, helping our Tier 1 clients solve business problems in the area of fraud, compliance and financial crime.  Being Agile is an integral part to the success we have at Quantexa and having regular team sprints and Scrum meetings with your Projects team is essential. You’ll be working closely with Data Scientists, Business Analysts, Technical Leads, Project Managers and Solutions Architects, with everyone following the same goal of meeting our Clients expectations and delivering a first-class service. 🥇 We want our employees to use the latest and leading open source big-data technology possible. You will be using tools such as Spark, Hadoop, Scala, Data Fusion and Elasticsearch, with our platform being hosted on Google cloud (GCP). Our primary language is written in Scala, but don’t worry If that’s not your strongest language or if you haven’t used it before, we make sure that every Quantexan goes through our training academy so they’re comfortable and confident with using our platform. RequirementsWe’re looking for individuals who have proven big data experience, either from an implementation or a data science prospective.  The desire to learn and code in Scala  Experience in working in an Agile environment  Expert knowledge of at least one big data technology such as Spark, Hadoop, or Elasticsearch.  A strong coding background in either Java, Python or Scala  Experience of building data processing pipelines for use in production “hands off” batch systems, including either traditional ETL pipelines and/or analytics pipelines.  Passion and drive to grow within one of the UK’s fastest growing scale-ups.  Consulting or business facing skills and a desire to work with customers. BenefitsWhy join Quantexa?We know that just having an excellent glass door rating isn’t enough, so we’ve put together a competitive package as a way of saying thank you for all your hard work and dedication.We offer:Competitive salary  💰 Company bonus Free Calm App Subscription #1 app for meditation, relaxation and sleep 🧘‍♀️ Ongoing personal development Great Company wide socials Plus other local benefits Quantexa is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re dedicated to creating an inclusive and diverse work environment, where everyone feels welcome, valued, and respected. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, beliefs, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, neurodiversity or ableness – whoever you are, if you’re a curious, caring, and an authentic human being who wants to help push the boundaries of what’s possible, we want to hear from you.

