
Company DescriptionOur MissionTrainline is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide.  Via our highly rated website and mobile app, people can seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place. We bring together millions of routes, fares and journey times from 270+ rail and coach carriers across 45 countries.  We offer our customers the best price for their journey and smart, real time travel information on the go.  Our aim is to make rail and coach travel easier and more accessible, encouraging people to make more environmentally sustainable travel choices.Job DescriptionAs a Lead Data Engineer at Trainline you will... 🚄• Be a brilliant people manager, lead and coach to team of polyglot data engineers• Use cutting edge data technology to deliver world class data platform and data products.• Own the vision for a frictionless, scalable, reliable and secure data platform that will accelerate our data teams• Lead the technical / architecture direction of the platform• Foster an obsession with quality and engineering excellence through automated, repeatable processes using CI/CD, TDD, BDD...• Own the operation of the platform and continuously improve operation performance• Lead and coach a self-organised Agile team and continuously improve agile maturity and delivery predictability We'd love to hear from you if you... 🔍• Thrive in a diverse, open and collaborative environment• Have excellent knowledge of Scala, Python or Java and a desire to achieve mastery in other languages in the polyglot team;• People management and technical leadership experience• A consistent background in software development in high volume environments• Worked with stream processing technologies (especially Kafka, Spark and AWS Kinesis)• Have an excellent working knowledge of AWS services (ECS, IAM, EC2, S3, DynamoDB, MSK)• Have experience deploying, managing and maintaining services using Docker, Terraform and AWS CLI tools to achieve infrastructure-as-code and automated deployments.• Knowledge of Clojure (optional) Our Technology Stack 💻Our core stack in Data is:• Scala and Python• Kafka, Spark, Kafka Streams and KSQL• AWS, S3, Parquet, Glue and EMR for our Data Lake• Elasticsearch and Dynamodb• AthenaAdditional InformationBut why should you join?You will be working in a high performing and collaborative multi-cultural team. We have over 42 nationalities across our 5 offices in London, Paris, Edinburgh, Barcelona and Milan who work closely together. We want our people to stretch their minds, abilities, and share their knowledge. Each year we hold The Trainline Tech Summit, which provides Trainliners with an opportunity to stand up and share their story, learnings, or new skills with their colleagues in a safe environment.We've always paid special attention to flexible working as we value a strong work/life balance. The pandemic has taught us that a balance between remote working and being in a collaborative office environment leads to productive teams. Our CultureCoaches Over HeroesWe prioritise the focus on being one team over elevating the heroics of an individual, for us the true heroes are those who are excellent at nurturing, coaching and generous in sharing their knowledge with others.Well-beingEverything that we do takes into account the morale of every member of our team, their opportunities for growth and for participation in exciting challenges.Mentoring and LearningWe have a mentoring community that is constantly growing, we provide people with mentors or buddies from various teams.TrustWe hire awesome people capable of making smart decisions - empowerment is a great enabler of agility. It is within a supportive team that you will feel the strength to thrive and try new things knowing that everyone will be there for you along the way.  We value open expression at Trainline, we believe it’s the diversity of experience, backgrounds and perspectives of our employees that makes us who we are. We encourage everybody to play a part in changing the way people travel across the world.

