
Company DescriptionWe live at the intersection of technology, digital, creative, CRM, analytics and media. We are driven by a common purpose, a powerful spirit, shared behaviors, and a relentless focus on our people. We are constantly challenging the status quo and redefining what’s possible for our clients.We combine industry expertise, top-tier talent and unique, scalable solutions to deliver more valuable customer experiences and tangible business results.We are driven by our values to Be Better, Be Curious, Be Open & Be Bold.Job DescriptionWe don’t all look the same, and we don’t expect you to, either. But successful members of the Analytics team at Performics Collective generally have a passion for emerging tech and media, bring a data-driven approach to decision-making, have a fresh perspective and share it in a positive way, don’t shy away from a challenge, and are always hungry to learn more. We look for prior experience in media analytics, especially digital media. We hope you’re a numbers whiz and know how to bring data to life through a compelling story.Role Objectives:Analysts form the foundation of the Analytics team.They pull and arrange data from a multitude of sources to feed business-improving insights, then build thoughtful presentations and reports that bring the story home to our clients.They work closely with their Manager or Senior Analyst to learn the most efficient and effective ways of wrangling with data and develop skills to become full-fledged story tellers.QualificationsB.A. or B.S., preferably in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Marketing/Advertising or related field.3+ years of experience extracting insights from large data sets.3+ years of experience utilizing advanced quantitative methods to build predictive and/or classification models for business decisions.Knowledge of Digital Media, Marketing/Advertising industries highly preferred.Experience working with Python, R programming language.Experience working with relational databases, SQL.Strong communication skills.Agency experience highly preferred.Ability to speak and write professionally.Ability and comfort with presenting work by phone or within small groups.Proficiency in Microsoft Office software such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint.Ability to service clients, partners and internal stakeholders by understanding needs, translating those needs into creative solutions, and delivering on those solutions with diligence and a sense of urgency.Knowledge of digital media metrics (Impressions, Clicks, CTR, CPM, etc.). Knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI.Knowledge of analytics tools and relational databases (Google Analytics, SQL, MS Access).Advanced Excel skills (ability to work with macros, advanced formulas, pivot tables).Knowledge of python and other programming languages. Experience in search platforms preferred – i.e. SA360, Kenshoo.Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

