
Welcome! Super excited you dropped by 🥳Join our mission to create and connect cyber-ready humans and organizations through highly engaging hacking experiences that cultivate out-of-the-box thinking. (Find out more insights about Hack The Box culture on our career site).About Hack The BoxHack The Box is a massive hacking playground, and infosec community of over 1.0m platform members who learn, hack, play, exchange ideas and methodologies. We are an online cybersecurity training platform that allows individuals, businesses, universities, and all kinds of organizations all around the world to level up their offensive and defensive security skills through a fully gamified and engaging learning environment.🚨 Exciting News: In Jan 2023 we secured a $55 Million Series B funding 🚀 The new investment will accelerate Hack The Box’s growth trajectory with a focus on further building out its category-defining “gamer-first” solutions offering. Hack The Box will also enhance its go-to-market function, doubling down on the company’s ongoing international expansion with strong commercial traction in the US, Europe, and APAC.About the RoleHTB’s Analytics team is looking for a Senior Data Analyst, who will enable various stakeholders to make data-driven decisions, mainly focusing on our Enterprise Product and its features/users. Our analytics team, consisting of 3 people, collaborates with multiple departments within HTB, like Product, Marketing & Sales. Our day-to-day tasks span from product feature analysis to systematic reporting that enables data sharing for all HTBers. At the same time, we focus on creating data models that will enable us to scale along with the business.  As a Senior Data Analyst, you will be able to get creative & build stuff from scratch, working for end-to-end projects, from gathering the business requirements by having deep business conversations, to creating the final solution. You’ll be working with industry-standard tools, like Snowflake, dbt & Tableau, staying ahead of the curve.  The absolute must-haves for this role are a prior experience in a data analytics role, a solid knowledge of SQL & a visualization tool, and strong business acumen.[The Senior Data Analyst is a hybrid or fully remote role, for candidates located in Greece.]ResponsibilitiesLiaise with stakeholders of various departments & seniority on defining and monitoring KPIs & trends, such as customer behavior, user engagement, or revenue trends. Develop and effectively communicate insights across departments, and build and communicate systematic reporting that will help decision-making, both on a strategic and a day-to-day level. Expose possible bottlenecks and discover opportunities where data could add value, and work with fellow data analysts and engineers to effectively scale the data team. Help build a data-driven culture across HTB by identifying areas where data could add value. Requirements3-5 years of experience in Business Intelligence, Analytics, or other data-focused roles. Strong SQL knowledge, and experience in using data visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI or other) to produce insightful reports & insights. Experience in working closely with business stakeholders and driving meaningful conversations by enabling them to verbalize their problems and ideas Ability to translate stakeholders’ needs into technical solutions. Strong communication skills, ability to create a compelling story by combining data with the business context. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously and collaboratively. Nice to have:Experience with dbt and/or git would be a strong plus. Python knowledge is a plus. BenefitsWhy work at Hack The Box? You’ll have the chance to contribute to a product that is quite appreciated by its users and the overall cybersecurity community   You'll work in a highly supportive and caring environment while having flexibility and autonomy  You’ll be able to grow as we grow by solving challenging problems  You’ll definitely have fun while working at HTB 🥳 We have also other benefits that will keep you happy:Private health care Paid paternity leave 25 annual leave days Free lunch & snacks at the office Dedicated budget for training and professional development, participation in conferences Full access to the Hack The Box lab offerings; so you can learn how to hack 😉 State-of-the-art equipment (mac, iPhone, and mobile plan) Flexible WFH (Hybrid Model) - Fully Remote is also an option  Selection Process:A conversation with the Talent Acquisition team to know us better and to share more info about HTB and the role A bit more of a technical conversation with the hiring manager to get a better understanding of your experience and achievements A challenge related to the job and conversation about the way you have approached it. This will really help us understand your skillset and have a fair selection process. Offer 🎉 
