
Janes enables militaries, governments, and defence companies to make critical decisions. Our expert-driven tradecraft, developed over 120 years, combined with human-machine teaming, delivers assured open-source intelligence across military capabilities and order of battle, equipment, events, countries, companies, and markets.Linking millions of assured data points, Janes data model creates a framework of interconnected open-source defence intelligence. This allows our customers to integrate all relevant data and connections into a single intelligence environment to deliver a more complete and accurate answer. Using Janes, our customers can use their scarce resource more effectively, to get to better decisions with higher confidence, more quickly.Job purposeThe role of the Research Analyst involves working with a team of dedicated professionals on an intensive, business critical project to structure, standardize and refine Janes Aerospace and Defence data. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to join an established team, taking a key role in projects that will deliver enhanced data solutions for high-end customers through the rationalization, structuring and linking of data. Attention to detail, an eye for consistency, understanding of data architecture and knowledge of Microsoft Excel are essential attributes and previous experience in a data orientated role is highly desirable.How you will contribute to JanesData structuring: Producing high quality structured data output by rigorously enforcing structured data templates and carefully managing the data capture process to provide customers with datasets that can be easily interrogated. Cross-content linking: Creating linkages between discreet datasets across the Aerospace and Defence product area, multiplying the value of data by creating relationships with other relevant fields. Data governance: Ensuring correctness, currency, completeness and consistency of data through rigorous checking and peer assistance. Examining data across varying content sets before amending or removing incorrect, incomplete, or duplicated data. Ad-hoc consultancy projects: Undertaking data orientated projects as required, involving the assessment, rationalization, and cleaning of data. RequirementsConversant with advanced features (viz macros, formulas) in MS Excel, MS Word, and Power Point, PowerBI is preferred. Working experience in any of the following tools is preferred: Data Analytics/KNIME/Tableau/SQL or similar for examining the raw data and to suggest innovative solutions / models / theories will be added advantage. Ability to sift through large amount of data and parse information from various sources. Excellent attention to detail and a logical approach to problem solving. Experience of working within a data environment (databases, data transformation, information sciences or similar) or Categorization/classification. Possess excellent oral, written communication and presentation skills. Ability to adapt quickly to work process changes. Accept new challenges and roles as and when assigned. Demonstrate sound understanding of classifications of platforms, systems and specifications related to Military equipment and classify them in various categories depending upon their role and type will be an added advantage. We believe Janes is truly a great place to work. Our values and leadership code drive everything we do, and we understand that the right behaviours and culture will always result in the best outcomes for our customers, our colleagues, our shareholders, and our business. We provide a supportive, stretching, and dynamic environment with the ability for you to grow rapidly, both personally and professionally.Janes is an inclusive and equal opportunities employer and encourages applications regardless of age, race, disability, religion / belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy/maternity, or gender.Although this role is advertised as full time, Janes believes that flexibility at work can provide many significant benefits both to our colleagues and the business. We already work in a hybrid style across all offices and regions and can support different ways of working and offer different flexible working arrangements. So, if you are interested and have any requirements or needs in the way you would like to work, please apply, and speak to us about this.We will always consider part time or flexible applications.

