
Fixed Term Contract - 6 MonthsBigChange wishes to complete a contract assurance review of its 6000+ customer contracts. This will involve the reading of contract documentation stored in multiple systems, defining the terms of these agreements and confirming the accuracy of the current contract system set up for each. Legacy variations where found will need to be notified to our in house Sales Operations teams for remedial rectification and then following each contract will need to be setup in a prescribed manner within our systems for the future term.Complete the audit of customer contracts to determine the deliverables, term, renewal profile and special requirements using multiple systems. Identify the actual start date and billing profile. Identify equipment provided Assess the current recorded profile and advise on any variations to the contracted requirements and liaise with the Sales operations team where legacy changes are required. Create new contracts within the Jobwatch system based on findings to replicate actual requirements and submit for review. Complete required filings for all contracts reviewed. RequirementsGood knowledge and experience in managing data   within multiple systems Strong analytical and evaluation skills Advanced Excel skills and experience of other   financial or similar systems Process Management Skills Adaptable with a flexible approach to work Thrives in a fast paced, task focussed   environment with the ability to work independently to tight deadlines Self-sufficient and proactive A true team player with an interest in getting   to know and working with the team around them. Excellent organisational skills Benefits27 days annual leave, increasing by a day per completed years service up to a maximum of 30 days. An additional 4 gifted BigRecharge days, allocated once a quarter where we all take a paid day off to focus on our wellbeing. Gym or zwift membership contributions. Flexible working Income protection and death in service. Health care cash plan. Enhanced family friendly policies from day one of employment with a £200 gift from BigChange on the arrival of a new baby. Company events. Learning and development opportunities. BigChange is officially an Outstanding Company to Work For, according to Best Companies 2021. On the independent Glassdoor website, we have a 4.6 out of 5 rating.We give talent the chance to progress and be rewarded. And we see the whole person, not just the employee.BigChange employs over 200+ BigChangers. Launched in 2013 and based in Leeds, UK, BigChange is a leading Field Service Management Software Provider.In 2021, we secured £75million investment from Great Hill Partners to take our technology global.BigChange is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate differences and support diversity, thriving on it to improve the lives of our BigChangers, our product, and our community. We don’t discriminate based on age; physical, mental, or sensory disability: ethnicity; family status; sex; race; religion or belief; sexual orientation; gender identity and/or expression; marital, civil union or domestic partnership status; family, or parental status. If you would like to be part of a talented team where your voice is heard and your involvement matters, please join us.We are also proud to be a Disability Confident employer: we understand that the application and traditional interview process does not work for everyone. If you need us to make any adjustments or changes to our existing process, please let us know in your application. Examples of adjustments may include providing application information in different formats, allowing additional time for any tests, providing a copy of interview questions prior to interview; or, conducting interviews remotely or in-person. This list is not exhaustive, and we are open to exploring any reasonable adjustments that may be necessary. If you have a disability and meet all the essential requirements for the role you have applied for, you will be guaranteed an interview.

