
Company DescriptionCitizant is a leading provider of professional IT services to the U.S. government. We seek to address some of our country’s most pressing challenges in the areas of Agile application development, Enterprise Data Management, Enterprise Architecture, Product Management, and Program Management support services. We strive to hire only ethical, talented, passionate and committed “A Players” who already align with the company’s core values: Drive, Delivering Excellence, Reputation, Responsibility, and a Better Future. No matter how large we grow, Citizant will retain its collaborative, supportive, small-company culture, where successful team effort to address external and internal customer challenges is valued above all else.Job DescriptionLocation: RemotePosition Details: Conducting user-centered research to better understand Staff Acquisition data needs.Translating Staff Acquisition requirements for data products into a prioritized backlog of features and user stories.Conducting exploratory data analysis to identify process improvements and insights to share with customer agencies.Working with data scientists to design and build predictive models to further automate Staff Acquisition process.Developing applications and automated processes using enterprise tools (e.g. Microsoft Power Platform) to improve the efficiency of Staff Acquisition operations.Developing wireframes or prototypes of potential data visualizations to share with stakeholder groups to collect feedback.Developing performant Power BI datasets and data flows, including the use of M Query and DAX languages.Creating actionable interactive reports and dashboards using Power BI.Developing and executing testing protocols and procedures throughout the entire data product development process.Creating workflow and standard operating procedures as guidance for operational staff.Identifying and engaging with stakeholder groups to ensure their needs are fully documented.QualificationsRequired Skillset:Five (5) years of experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Power BI, Tableau) to develop interactive data visualizations (e.g. charts, graphs). Five (5) years of experience using programming languages (e.g. Python, R, SQL) to structure and analyze data.Experience using human-centered design approaches to understand user needs and behavior.Experience using data visualization principles, including pre-attentive attributes, Gestalt principles, and appropriate chart selection, to develop intuitive dashboards and reports that help people make better decisions.Experience working in an Agile environment – working as a part of teams to iteratively develop and deliver data products.Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences (orally and in written form).Ability to effectively collaborate across organizational barriers to accomplish high priority and high visibility goals.Education/Certification Requirement:Bachelor’s degree is preferred.Active Agile certification (e.g. Certified ScrumMaster, Certified Scrum Product Owner, Certified Scrum Developer, Certified Agile Leadership, Certified Agile Coach, Scrum with Kanban, SAFe Agile).Clearance Requirement:Active T4 High Risk Public Trust or ability to obtain a T4 High Risk Public Trust security clearanceUS Citizenship or an alien who has been lawfully admitted for permanent residence as evidenced by Alien Registration Receipt Card Form I-151, or, who presents other evidence from the Immigration and Naturalization Service that employment will not affect his immigration status.Additional InformationCitizant strives to be an employer of choice in the Washington metropolitan area. Citizant associates accept challenging and rewarding work and in return receive excellent compensation and benefits, as well as the opportunity for personal and professional development. Citizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

