
At Viva Wallet, our vision is to change the way businesses pay and get paid in Europe with cutting-edge technology, unprecedented agility and in-depth knowledge of the European payments landscape.The TeamThe Business Intelligence and Analytics team's purpose is to improve business decisions by providing all necessary information to all sectors (Management, Finance, Sales, Risk etc) using data gathered both internally and externally.The team consists of highly expertised data and software engineers who, using Cloud technologies, build ETL Pipelines using all data source, transform and load it to Data Warehouse, Data Lake, Big Data & SQl databases. Data is processed with computation jobs and ingested for application consumption of Data Visualizations.Responsibilities:Design and implement solutions required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and Azure technologies. Design, develop and maintain new and existing data and ETL pipelines. Perform tasks in an efficient & timely manner. Create optimal data pipeline architecture and systems. Continually advance technical knowledge and skills. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes and optimizing data delivery. RequirementsBachelor's degree in IT related field. Expertise on both Relational (SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL) and NoSQL (Mongo, Impala, CouchDB, etc.) database systems. Previous experience on Data Integration and ETL Tools, SSIS or other Cloud based tools (eg Azure Data Factory); Data Visualization / Reporting tools (PowerBI, Tableau). The ability to perform in a team environment and share knowledge. Excellent analytical and good problem-solving skills with a can-do attitude. Fluent in English, both oral and written. The following will be considered a plus:Various Cloud Services (Azure, AWS). Cloud Data Warehouses (Azure Data Warehouse). Streaming Platforms (both on premise or cloud, like Apache Kafka, Azure EventHub). Programming skills (Python or any other language). Demonstrable knowledge of agile methodologies and version control systems such as Git will be a plus. AI and Machine Learning Modeling tools. BenefitsCompetitive salary package (share options plan) & bonus Health and life insurance for you and your family Top of the Line tools and equipment Career and competencies development Modern workspace environment 
