
We keep the world moving by keeping risk out of the way. 
Everstream Analytics risk scores and predictive insights set the world’s supply chain standard, helping global companies turn supply chains into business-changing, market-shifting, competition-crushing assets. Removing the traditional blinders of traditional data – we offer more complete information, sharper analysis, and accurate predictions. Companies like Google, Schneider Electric, Unilever, and Campbell’s rely on Everstream Analytics to push their supply chains to be faster, smarter, safer, and sustainable!
What Matters Most to Everstreamers 
Doing our best, no matter what challenges lie in front of us. We’re sharp, focused, determined, and as a team, we’re unstoppable. Of course, we have values like “integrity” and “honesty”—that’s a given—but our core values run deeper:
Audacity | We are bold. We break through the status quo and do what others haven’t, can’t or won’t
Grit | We get the job done and keep going, so our customers can do the same
Optimism | We have a can-do attitude, and instead of saying “no”, we figure out how
Virtue | We do what’s right, the right way—especially when it’s difficult
Solidarity | When we celebrate each other and our differences, we all do better
 JOIN OUR TEAM
Everstream Analytics is looking for a customer-focused Solutions Consultant to join our Data Science( (DS) team, providing supplier sub-tier insights to some of the world’s most reputable companies. This position will be a key member of the Everstream DS Discover Team.  As a member of Discover, you will join a dynamic team of people focused on our next generation product. We have an exciting opportunity to help shape how we use data to build models and generate actionable insights to give our customers a risk aware supply chain which will advance outcomes for the business and the industry. This role will partner closely with Product Development, Customer Success, Product Management, Risk Intelligence, and Marketing.
POSITION OVERVIEW
In this customer facing role, you will focus on the creation and presentation of results from the application of Data Science. These results will revolve around the identification of risk in the supply chain and the communication of potential impact and mitigation strategies with customers. It will require gaining an understanding of our data sources and the techniques we apply to identify supply chain risk. You will work with customers to understand their “pain points” and explain the relevance of our solution to their operations. You will be working closely with data science and the customer success team on the implementation of data products. This is an exciting opportunity to help shape how we use data to build models and generate actionable insights to give our customers a risk aware supply chain which will advance outcomes for the business and the industry
Principal Accountabilities
Exploratory Data Analysis - conducting exploratory analysis to extract insights and expose important groups, trends, and relationships in data
Analysis and Reporting – evaluating business questions, what if scenarios, and summarizing conclusions to stakeholders
Research company relationships, in particular supplier relationships in collaboration with a cross-function industry team involving Intelligence Solutions, Data Science, Customer Success, Sales, etc.
Analyze the flow of goods between companies, in particular in the upstream supply chain.
Engage with customers on the research through presentations and discussions to build out and validate our industry knowledge of sub-tier supply chains. 
Presenting information and results of analysis using PowerPoint, BI Tools and other data visualization techniques
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Economics, Engineering or a related field. Equivalent work experience is also acceptable.
At least 5 years of experience in data analysis, operations, supply chain, production, or sourcing and procurement.
Proficiency in data analysis and reporting tools and techniques
Self-starter with a curious attitude and a willingness to learn and master new technologies.
Ability to act easily in a global environment, with understanding of cultural differences and behavior.
English: both oral and written proficiency, with ability to clearly communicate technical results to both technical and non-technical audiences
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in one of the following industries: Medical Devices, Pharmaceuticals, Automotive, Chemicals, Food and Beverage, or High-tech
Basic knowledge of commodity groups and raw materials such as metals, plastics, or chemical feedstocks.
Experience in a supply chain role with an understanding of sub-tier supplier networks and the flow of materials and goods.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.LI-AB1Thanks to our remarkable people we are at the forefront of change and bringing cutting-edge products and services to market. We focus on growth, so our people, our business, and our customers can achieve their full potential.  It takes determination, focus, and resilience to scale a high-growth, global business. We're looking for people intrinsically driven to create, build, solve, and push boundaries to deliver the unrivaled innovation and service our clients know and love. Everstreamers aren't afraid of ambiguity, changing priorities, shifting org structures, or pivoting to new strategies. They thrive on change and put in the effort to achieve the seemingly impossible. It isn't always easy, but it's always worth it. Does this sound like you? Grow your career at Everstream.

