
About RoktRokt is the global leader in ecommerce technology, helping companies seize the full potential of every transaction moment to grow revenue and acquire new customers at scale. Fanatics, Live Nation, AMC Theatres, PayPal, Uber, Hulu, Staples, Lands’ End, and HelloFresh are among the more than 2,500 leading global businesses and advertisers that use Rokt's solutions to drive more value through every transaction by offering highly relevant messages to their customers at the moment they are most likely to convert.  With our December 2022 secondary transaction, Rokt’s valuation increased to $2.4 Billion. We are expanding rapidly and globally – operating in 14 countries across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region with the largest office in NYC and a major R&D hub in Sydney. With 50% annual growth and a vibrant company culture, Rokt has been listed in ‘Great Places to Work’ in the US and Australia. Our award-winning culture is guided by our eight core values: smart with humility, own the outcomes, force for good, conquer new frontiers, enjoy the ride, raise the bar, communicate with impact, and disagree then commit. These values help us attract, engage, and develop the right talent around the globe and ensure we foster an environment that helps us all do our best work. Keen to join a fast-growing company and a vibrant culture? Learn more at rokt.com. The Rokt engineering team builds best-in-class ecommerce technology that provides personalized and relevant experiences for customers globally and empowers marketers with sophisticated, AI-driven tooling to better understand consumers. Our bespoke platform handles millions of transactions per day and considers billions of data points which give engineers the opportunity to build technology at scale, collaborate across teams and gain exposure to a wide range of technology. We are expanding rapidly in our major R&D centers in NYC and Sydney. We are passionate about using intelligent systems to improve the transaction moment for retailers everywhere. Come join us and build the future!RequirementsAbout the roleRokt is looking to hire a Data Analyst Intern to join our Analytics team and support us in our goal of delivering rapid insights and innovation to unlock value sooner. Data is the language that this team speaks and every member knows the data at Rokt like the palm of their hand. By combining, transforming and analyzing data, the team finds meaning in and improves the understanding of a specific situation - be it how to optimize a client's performance or how to investigate an unknown issue. As part of the greater RPD organization, the team also develops feature prototypes and finds new & innovative solutions to help shape the future vision of our products. An ideal candidate can wrap their head around complex challenges and come up with elegant solutions that transform our clients’ businesses. In this role you will be working closely with our Customer Success, Product, Engineering, and FP/A teams and gain a unique end-to-end perspective of the Rokt products, as well as the challenges we solve for our clients.ResponsibilitiesBe part of the Business Analytics team supporting data analysis and providing valuable insights to internal/external clients Pair and collaborate with Engineering and Product teams to work on ad-hoc work, discovery projects, POC’s, mockups and prototypes Create and maintain dashboards that reports on company wide metrics Handle day-to-day operational requests from different teams in the business Apply statistical methods, concepts and tools to interpret data, analyze results and convert it into useful knowledge Prepare reports for executive leadership that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data Structure problems, identify solution options and manage evaluation processes including any supporting analysis, customer inputs or research Be an active member of the broader team, engaged in broader discussion and team building activities RequirementsYou have 0-1  years of experience in the field of applying data, analytics and research to drive demonstrable results You are currently pursuing a degree in analytics, computer science, mathematics, or a related field You are a SQL expert and have experience working with big data in some form You are experienced with visualization tools such as Tableau You have the ability to break down complex problems, conduct relevant analysis, and evaluate and recommend solutions You are experienced with data-driven product development strategies and have experience with agile development methodologies You are an excellent communicator and storyteller, who is comfortable translating concepts and ideas to stakeholders at all levels and contextual angles You feel comfortable sorting through ambiguity You are a great team player, positively contributing to the Rokt team and culture Experience using languages like Python to execute and share the results of analyses is a plus BenefitsSafety is our highest priority. We actively invest in the growth of our people and the strengthening of our communities. Our NYC office is 100% vaccinated to keep our employees and community safe and healthy. We require all Rokt’stars and anyone else who will be onsite at the Rokt NYC office–clients, contractors, vendors, and suppliers–to show proof of vaccination and their booster shot.  Work with the greatest talent in town. Our recruitment process is tough but diligent. We’re constantly aiming to implement our value of “raise the bar” and set high standards for our Rokt’stars. This is essential in our high-performing, high-grow culture where we strive to bring in the brightest and best talent. Our teams thrive by challenging the status quo and we encourage all of our teams to unleash their desire to achieve something bigger. Join a community. At Rokt we’re a community of curious explorers. We’re not afraid of venturing into uncharted territories. We work together as one single, aligned team. We value diversity and transparency which is why we support a number of internal employee resource groups including an EDI steering committee, Rainbow Rokts that empowers our LGBTQIA+ Rokt’stars, Womxn who Rokt that promotes gender equality in tech, and more. Stay happy and healthy. In order to unleash our potential, we want to ensure you’re able to keep your wellbeing a priority. This means you can enjoy a well-balanced, catered lunch 5x a week in the office along with healthy snacks. We also want you to feel at home when coming into work which is why we’re a dog-friendly office so you can bring your furry friend to work with you. We believe we’re better together. We love spending time together and are in the office most days (most teams are in the office 3-4 days per week). We also get that you need to balance your life and your commitments so you have flexibility to manage your own hours and can spend up to a week of every quarter working from anywhere. We believe in equality. Rokt is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we know our collective strength comes from how different we all are. We encourage you to apply for one of our open roles—irrespective of socio-economic status or background, age, gender identity, race, religion, sexual orientation, color, pregnancy, carer/family responsibilities, national and social origin, political opinion, marital, veteran, or disability status. Salary: $25/hour

