
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for EveryoneJob DescriptionTo ensure that Visa’s payment technology is truly available to everyone, everywhere requires the success of our key bank or merchant partners and internal business units. The Data and AI Platform group supports these partners by using our extraordinarily rich data set that spans more than 3.5 billion cards globally and captures more than 100 billion transactions in a single year.Are you skilled at turning hard numbers into compelling stories and useful strategic insights? Do you solve complex data challenges with creative flair? Put those skills to work answering strategic questions for one of the world's most respected and innovative payments companies.As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for helping to blueprint and deliver modelled attributes, data assets, and self-serve workflows that solve clients' business objectives. You will get the chance to leverage your business acumen and technical knowledge of big data and data mining techniques. Based on deep understanding and knowledge of big-data engineering techniques, you will develop and maintain data and tools to enable data scientists to draw fact based insights and build models This function is critical in building market-relevant client solutions and intellectual property for Visa.This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both home and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office three days a week, Monday (Sunday in some countries where Sunday is the start of the week) and Wednesdays. Wednesdays are designated as in-office collaboration days. The third day in the office will be decided based on team needs and determined in partnership with senior leadership.QualificationsCan you take on the responsibilities described above? Then please apply!We have a number of openings at all levels and are seeking team members that are passionate, visionary and insatiably inquisitive. Successful candidates frequently have a mix of the following qualifications:• Skilled with Docker & Kubernetes• Development experience with Golang (alternatively a strong background in Scala or Java)• Skilled in Flink Cluster, Kafka Cluster, Redis Cluster & Elastic Search Cluster.• Skilled at CI/CD using automation tools such as Jenkins, Ansible script.• Experience using and configuring operational tools such as Splunk, Humio, Prometheus &     Grafana.• Experienced at administering a code repo such as Github• Minimum of 2-3 years’ experience in production CI pipelines, utilizing big data engineering   techniques that enable statistical solutions to solve business problems• Post graduate degree in Computer Science/ Engineering, Information Science or a related   discipline with strong technical experiences highly desired• Previous exposure to financial services, credit cards or merchant analytics is a plus, but not   required• Extensive experience with SQL and big data technologies (Hadoop, Python , Spark, Hive   etc.) tools for large scale data processing, data transformation and machine learning   pipelines• Familiarity or experience with data mining and statistical modeling (e.g., regression   modeling, clustering techniques, decision trees, etc.) is very helpful• Strategic thinker and good business acumen to orient data engineering to the business   needs of internal clients• Demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor, strong attention to detail, team oriented,   energetic, collaborative, diplomatic, and flexible styleAdditional InformationVisa has adopted a COVID-19 vaccination policy. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the country where this job is located are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.

