
Tiger Analytics is a fast-growing advanced analytics consulting firm. Our consultants bring deep expertise in Data Science, Machine Learning and AI. We are the trusted analytics partner for multiple Fortune 500 companies, enabling them to generate business value from data. Our business value and leadership has been recognized by various market research firms, including Forrester and Gartner. We are looking for top-notch talent as we continue to build the best global analytics consulting team in the world.The role of the Data Analyst is to engage business stakeholders and be part of project teams to understand, verify and document business requirements with a core focus on data needs, including but not limited to how data are linked to business strategy, architected/modeled, created/procured, required for operational and analytical usage, shared, measured for data quality, protected/secured, and retained. The output from these analyses are data plans, that are the basis for utilizing existing data capabilities and evolving new data capabilities to deliver solutions and meet business needs. The role requires strong fundamental problem analysis and solving skills, and effective communication skills to translate business data requirements to Data Architects/Modelers, Engineers/Wranglers, Data Owners/Stewards, BI Solution Developers, and other business and technical roles.  The role could potentially involve one or more of the following focus areas: Data Governance, Logical Data Modeling, Master Data Management, Data Quality Management, and Data Protection.Key Responsibilities:Engage business leaders/staff and technology leaders/staff in an end-to-end process to understand and communicate data requirements and translate to develop solutions. Test solutions to verify traceability to requirements Apply problem-solving techniques to determine impact, root cause analysis, and solution options Master Data Management: Analyze needs to develop a “golden source” of high-quality master data. Develop data cleansing, match/merge and survivorship rules, and operational metrics. Gain insights from metrics to evolve MDM/RDM capabilities. Data Quality: Use automated tools to profile data sources to measure current state data quality. Develop data quality rules and metrics. Analyze data defects and determine root-causes. Extensive experience utilizing Informatica Data Quality and writing Data Quality rules/mapplets required. Requirements3-5+ years of relevant experience performing data analysis   Ability to understand and analyze data needs in a business, process and analytical context Strong problem analysis and solving Strong ability to model current and future state business processes and data domains/entities  Strong technical proficiency and demonstrated ability with data management technologies such as data quality profiling tools, data catalog, and master data management Ability to tell a story through presentations, to motivate and influence adoption of new ideas and capabilities Awareness of relevant and emerging financial services / insurance data standards a plus Ability to define and leverage metrics to drive performance and outcomes Demonstrated knowledge of configuring and administering data catalogs, data glossaries, and data quality solutions is a plus Working knowledge of MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Experience with visualization tools like Tableau is desirable Working knowledge of current and future information management technologies, trends and applications Informatica IDQ experience.  Use automated tools to profile data sources to measure current state data quality.   Develop data quality rules and metrics.   Analyze data defects and determine root-causes BenefitsThis position offers an excellent opportunity for significant career development in a fast-growing and challenging entrepreneurial environment with a high degree of individual responsibility.

