
Job DescriptionAbout the job As the world's largest research organization, Nielsen IQ is powered by talented creative scientists. Our Data Scientist Business Leaders come from diverse disciplines such as statistics, research methodology, mathematics, psychology, business, engineering, physics and demography. These professionals drive innovation, new product ideation, develops complex analysis and delivery of data insights to measure what consumers buy.  Responsibilities  Own Data Science solutions for client requests and provide initial recommendations for complex client raised issues.Support Internal and External Clients with the understanding of Data Science design and methodology, especially for new products such as eCommerce solutions. Accompany senior leaders to client meetings to understand business needs and help offer innovative solutions. Work on creating new solutions use cases, proof of concept and prototypes by exploring diverse data sets using tools such as Python/R. Understand Nielsen products and services to suggest new solutions for client challenges. Collaborate with other Data Science team units. Automate and develop solutions for existing processes. Innovate and create out of the box solutions by leveraging large and diverse data sets and state of the art technologies. QualificationsAbout you You’ve dabbled in data. You’ve perused Python. And you have the communication chops to translate it all into conversation or presentations. While you’ve worked with global cross-functional teams, you can also put your head down and focus on independent projects. Seeing the big picture takes attention to detail. Keeping up with the fast-changing world of digital media measurement takes someone who recognizes that. You know what’s happening in big data and you’re ready to influence what’s next.  Qualifications Professionals with degrees in Maths, Data Science, Statistics, or related fields involving statistical analysis of large data sets 1-3 years of experience in market research or relevant field. Passionate about innovation and technology Problem-Solving skills Ability to effectively convey complex concepts to non-experts Intellectual curiosity and persistence to find answers to questions Eager to continuously learn and adapt to changing technologies and tools Good command of written and spoken English Good collaborative and interpersonal skills to communicate at all levels Solid understanding of Statistics Good aptitude for data analysis Critical/ logical thinking Experience with programming languages such as Python and R Knowledgeable in trend analysis, multivariate statistics, sampling, designing experiment, data aggregation techniques, automation and generalization    Knowledgeable with relational database management system (RDBMS) and knowledge of SQL  Preferred/Desired Qualifications Working knowledge with data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI ) and mapping tools Working knowledge with collaboration tools such as Atlassian, Git, Bitbucket and Confluence Familiar with Machine Learning Familiar with Web Crawling/Scraping   Familiarity with marketing analytics, including designing experiment and consumer behavior analysis Familiar with Cloud computing AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure Additional InformationAbout NielsenIQNielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company providing the most complete and trusted view of consumers and markets in 90 countries covering 90% of the world’s population. Focusing on consumer-packaged goods manufacturers and FMCG and retailers, we enable customers to defy what’s possible. How? We combine unparalleled datasets, pioneering technology, and the industry’s top talent to create insights that unlock innovation. Join us and change the landscape.Learn more at: www.niq.comWant to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNielsenIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/

