
Company DescriptionWe're ASOS. We blend our flair for fashion with our love of cutting- edge technology, but more importantly were interested in how we can bring the best out of you.We exist to give people the confidence to be whoever they want to be, and that goes for our people too. At ASOS, you're free to be your true self without judgment, and channel your creativity into a platform used by millions.Job DescriptionAs part of the Customer Marketing Insight team, you will be focused on furthering our understanding of how we can engage with the ASOS customer through all our marketing channels. We love pushing the boundaries of our technical capabilities and being advocates of a test and learn mindset. We also commit to keeping the ASOS customer at the heart of everything that we do.We are looking for a customer and data-driven person who is comfortable using many different sources of data to draw a clear and relevant conclusion that can be presented and understood by non-analytical audiences. You will help Marketing stakeholders to understand how they can most effectively drive business growth through the delivery of analysis. You’ll be involved in all parts of the process and see your work helping the teams make decisions through data and insight.What you’ll be doing… Working closely with stakeholders to test and optimise marketing activity across all ASOS channels with particular responsibility for our paid channels including Paid Social and PPCUsing multiple platforms, datasets and tools (SQL Server, Adobe Analytics, PowerBI) to produce robust marketing insightsChampioning a test and learn approach with stakeholders, helping to define testing roadmaps, structuring tests, then drawing insight and recommendations from resultsTranslating data into action-oriented insight to deliver a clear story to stakeholdersCollaborating with other insight teams and 3rd parties to produce impactful, cohesive analysisProactively bringing new ideas to the table relating to business questions, analytics approaches, datasets and ways of workingBuilding relationships with senior stakeholders across the business while communicating and managing priorities effectivelySupporting and evaluating testing to understand campaign performance, measure incrementality and calculate ROIQualificationsWe’d love to meet someone with…  Knowledge and day to day use of SQL essentialGood knowledge of key analytical tools & languages (Adobe, Google Analytics, Python), desirableUse of data visualisation tools (Power BI, Tableau), also desirableA strong analytical approach with excellent knowledge of Excel and PowerPoint Strong e-commerce/Marketing analytics knowledge with PPC or Paid Social would be an advantage.A passion for data analysis and problem solving•Quality, accuracy and attention to detail are critical•Ability to work under own initiative, effectively prioritise workload and thrive in a fast-paced environment•Strong communication skills, and a good team player Additional InformationWhat's in it for you?... Competitive salary, pension, and private medical care schemePerformance related bonusFlex benefits allowance - which you can chose to take as extra cash, or use towards other benefits25 days paid annual leave + an extra day for your birthdayEmployee discount (hello ASOS discount!)We want our people to be whoever they want to be. That’s why we’re committed to creating a truly inclusive culture at ASOS, but how we're doing it?Through our Fashion with Integrity strategy we are driving diversity, equity and inclusion across every aspect of ASOS and ensuring every ASOSer can be their authentic self at work.  We want our people to be whoever they want to be, because we believe people who bring their best selves to work, do their best work.  
We’re proud members of Inclusive Companies, are Disability Confident Committed and have signed the Business in the Community Race at Work Charter. We’ve also recently been placed 8th  in the Inclusive Top 50 Companies Employer List too.
There are safe space employee networks and we host a monthly DEI events series to help support and celebrate all of our people. We are constantly listening to our people, evolving, changing and taking a flexible approach to how we make ASOS truly inclusive.

