
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionVisa Inc. is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, businesses, financial institutions and governments in more than 200 countries and territories, enabling them to use digital currency instead of cash and checks.Visa Consulting & Analytics (VCA), the consulting arm of Visa, is a global team of industry experts in strategy, marketing, operations, risk and economics consulting, with decades of experience in the payments industry. Our VCA teams offers,Consulting services customized to the needs of Visa client’s business objectives and strategyBusiness and economic insights and perspectives that impact business and investment decisionsSelf-service digital solutions Visa clients can leverage to improve performance in product, marketing and operationsProven data-driven marketing strategies to increase clients’ ROIJob DescriptionVCA team is looking for an individual to join our consulting practice and play a role developing high impact projects for Visa. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to address key strategic needs for Visa’s clients including issuers, acquirers and merchants. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights . Adept at creative and critical thinking, they are able to deconstruct problems and transform insights into large scale, state-of-the-art solutions. As a senior leader, you will be managing a team to perform complex algorithm development in the big data space for enhancing data driven solutioning and business strategies.The ideal candidates are problem solvers, equipped with strong analytical & quantitative skills suited to address key strategic needs for Visa’s clients including issuers, acquirers and merchants.Adept at creative and critical thinking, they are able to deconstruct problems and transform insights into large scale, state-of-the-art solutions. Candidates must be quick learners with a strong sense of personal responsibility.  ResponsibilitiesLead a mid size team who can work with large and complex datasets to develop high quality analytic products and solutions to promote growth and business development for the region.Manage multiple projects at a time from conception to completion with the help of junior team membersLead other tasks on R&D and analytics tool evaluation. Research contributions through published papers, patents and trade secretsHelp us staying at the forefront of technical advancement in machine learning  and introducing cutting edge tools and techniques for generating business insightsProvide thought leadership in analytic techniques and business applications to unlock the value of Visa’s unique data setFind opportunities to build data driven solutions for business consultant and Visa’s clients.Continuously develop and present innovative ideas based on data driven approach in order to improve current business practices within VisaQualificationsBasic QualificationsBA/BS required, MBA or other relevant Master's degree preferred (eg, engineering, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics or other related fields)Preferred Qualifications10 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 8 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters/MBA/JD/MD) or at least 3 years of work experience with a PhD.At least 7 years of experience in managing people/teamsAt least 10 years of experience in Banking, Retailers or payment system. Business SkillsExtensive experience applying analytics and creating innovative solutions to solve business problemsExtensive experience in presenting ideas and analysis to various audience levelsGood business acumen to orient data analysis to business needs of clientsStrong written, verbal, and graphical communication skills.Ability to clearly communicate the meaning of analytical concepts, analyses and resultsAbility to execute multiple projects and tasks with competing priorities while meeting required deadlines. Quick-thinker, fast learner, wide general knowledge, problem solverTeam worker, responsible, delivery-orientedExcellent spoken and written English and Portuguese. Technical SkillsHands on experience with one or more data analytics/programming tools such as Hive/SQL/Python/ Spark/PysparkKnowledge of machine learning techniques and concepts (clustering, decision tree, Gradient Boosting, Random forests, Support Vector Machine, Deep learning, neural networks, etc.) and experience with applications.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applicationsExperience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using, PowerBI and/or Tableau .Understanding of algorithms and ability to optimize various program complexities using suitable data structures.Experience designing and building new data driven solutions. Ability to re-use existing experience to develop new production-ready solutions.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Additional InformationVisa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

