
Applicant Privacy Notice
Want to be a part of the fastest-growing blockchain company? Ava Labs makes it simple to launch applications using Avalanche, the fastest and most scalable smart contract platform.Founded by the creators of Avalanche, Ava Labs strives to digitize every asset in the world. In addition to building Avalanche and other tools to support the ecosystem, we offer expertise to ensure that all individuals and organizations can seamlessly use Avalanche and its vibrant app ecosystem. Join us as we empower people to easily and freely digitize all the world’s assets on one open, programmable blockchain platform
We are seeking out a talented Marketing Data Analyst to help drive the success of our marketing projects at Ava Labs. This person will be crucial to building out a foundation of scalable processes & best practices that reinforce/support cross-departmental efforts. Ideal candidates will have the ability to enable repeatable processes and generate deliverables to answer routine business question.
WHAT YOU WILL DO
Assist senior marketing leaders in developing research and insights reports for all Ava Labs products and offerings in support of marketing, business development, engineering, and product teams.
Lead internal distribution of all data and analytics research reports and other work.
Assist with developing competitive analysis reports for all Ava Labs products.
Work with external data and analytics vendors to coordinate and prioritize analytical tasks.
Maintain all internal resources (e.g., databases, reports, research lists) to make sure they are current and accurate.
Leverage statistical inference and experimentation to help contribute towards actionable recommendations from the wider analytics team.
Pull all necessary data from various analytics platforms into the backend database (e.g., Messari, LunarCrush, GlassNodes, etc.).
Ensure that the data and analytics team and wider-marketing teams are supported fully.
WHAT YOU WILL BRING
Bachelor's degree in relevant fields - data science, mathematics, engineering
Experience working with data and analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, Tableau, etc.)
Proficiency with SQL and Python
Experience in, and passion for, blockchain technology, especially as it relates to data
Experience supporting a marketing or data and analytics team
High attention to detail with all executions–small or large
Salary Range: $93,800 to $122,000
(**This is not a guarantee of compensation or salary, a final offer amount may vary based on factors including but not limited to experience and geographic location.)
#LI-Remote #LI-GZ1
WHY AVA LABS?
Looking to join a world-class blockchain development team? If you've ever thought about joining an early stage Web3 company - this is it! We're a global, world-class team of experts in computer science, economics, finance, marketing, and law with offices in New York City and Miami. We're highly passionate about Web3 and redefining the way people build and use finance and decentralized applications of all kinds. The company received early-stage funding from Andreessen Horowitz, Initialized Capital, and Polychain Capital, with angel investments from Balaji Srinivasan and Naval Ravikant.  Join us and be a pioneer in a new technology that will have implications across a range of verticals such as finance, gaming, investing, collectibles, among many others. 
Ava Labs is committed to diversity in the workplace and we’re proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.

