
We are looking for a Sr. Data Engineer to be part of our FP&As digital transformation, reporting, and analysis team in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India. This role reports to the Director of FP&A Digitization, Reporting, and Analysis. This opportunity is ideal for someone with a strong background in developing the data architecture- flow ETL & conceptual, logical, and physical data models for FP&As data mart.
 
 


In this role, you can expect to...

Oversee and govern the expansion of existing data architecture and the optimization of data query performance via best practices. The candidate must be able to work independently and collaboratively.


Develop best practices for the data structure to ensure consistency within the system



 


You may be a good fit for our team if you have the following:

Bachelor or Masters in computer engineering, computer science, or related area.


6+ years of proven experience in developing and deploying data pipelines, preferably in the Cloud


5+ years of proven experience in building data warehouse platforms in dealing with star & snowflake schemas as well as slowly changing dimensions.


5+ years of solid experience with SQL and stored procedures


3+ years of Experience working with public cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP


Expertise in Snowflake architecture and setting up the full Environment


3+ years of proven expertise in creating pipelines for real-time and near real-time integration working with different data sources - flat files, XML, JSON, Avro files, and databases


3+ years of experience with at least one programming language like Python, Java, or Scala


Knowledge of Big Data platforms and applications is a plus.


Knowledge of handling exceptions and automated re-processing and reconciling


Passion for Data Quality with an ability to integrate these capabilities into the deliverables


Prior use of Big Data components and the ability to rationalize and align their fit for a business case


Experience in working with different data sources - flat files, XML, JSON, Avro files, and databases


Proficiency in techniques for slowly changing dimensions


Ability to integrate into a project team environment and contribute to project planning activities


Ability to work with people across the organization and skilled at managing cross-functional relationships and communicating with leadership across multiple organizations.


Strong written and oral communication skills with the ability to synthesize, simplify and explain complex problems to different audiences.


Experience with critical applications like Salesforce, Netsuite, Anaplan, AWS cost explorer, Coupa etc.

Colorado, California, Washington and New York City Applicants: To view base salary ranges for this role in your location and to learn more about which roles are eligible for bonus pay or commissions, please visit our Pay Transparency Calculator below. Individual pay within the range will be determined based on job related-factors such as skills, experience, and education or training. Information on our benefits can be found via the link below. Intern ranges can be found below.
Pay Transparency Calculator: https://bit.ly/3B7gwql
Benefits: https://www.hashicorp.com/careers/benefits
Intern Ranges: https://bit.ly/3H2soha

