
Gopuff is the go-to solution for immediate everyday needs, fulfilling customer orders from cleaning and home products to over-the-counter medications to food and drinks, and in some markets, alcohol - in just minutes. As the Catalog / Data Quality Specialist your customer centricity, analytical mindset, and passion for data quality will see you embracing the exciting opportunity to shape and deliver on strategies having a direct impact on customer buying decisions and online user experience.
You Will: 
Maintain and improve catalog and data quality, working with internal stakeholders and cross-functional teams. Resolve tickets, manage new and maintain existing SKU’s as well as promotion submissions. Support multiple retail category teams and work with external vendors to ensure a reliable and operationally effective flow of products.Work with category teams and product partners to improve workflows and reduce order discrepancies.Partner with retail category teams to ensure vendor compliance and scalable communication processes.Work across various internal teams (e.g. retail category, merchandising, supply chain, micro-fulfillment center, etc) to help drive tools and process improvements that affect vendor management workflows.Create and optimize standard operating procedures and information workflows.You Have: 
A Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Experience in a data-driven, results-oriented environment ideally within an e-commerce or retail multinational environment. An analytical mindset, be metrics- and solutions driven. An advanced IT skill set with strong Excel skills (v-look ups, index and match, CSV, etc). SQL experience which will be advantageous but not essential. Strong attention to detail skills and capability to work on multiple projects in parallel with numerous stakeholders.Strong process definition and optimization skills; proven ability to define effective, efficient, and scalable processes and drive continuous improvement through root cause identification and defect elimination.Excellent English written and oral communication skills. A desire to work in a fast-paced, challenging environment.At Gopuff, we know that life can be unpredictable. Sometimes you forget the milk at the store, run out of pet food for Fido, or just really need ice cream at 11 pm. We get it—stuff happens. But that’s where we come in, delivering all your wants and needs in just minutes.And now, we’re assembling a team of motivated people to help us drive forward that vision to bring a new age of convenience and predictability to an unpredictable world.Like what you’re hearing? Then join us on Team Blue.Gopuff is an equal employment opportunity employer, committed to an inclusive workplace where we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, gender, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or familial status, age, ancestry, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply.

