
Flexible and hybrid working options, Cambridge UK Your chance to lead a functional group in an exciting high growth biotechnology venture and make a real impact! The Team: Our technology provides our customers with high-quality genetic and epigenetic information with distinct characteristics that will enable new scientific discoveries. Within Software & Informatics, our Data Scientists are responsible for demonstrating the utility of our technology, through the development of new methods of data analysis to extract insight from the data generated by our technology and through collaboration with our customers to ensure they can extract maximum insight from the data they are generating. 2022 was an exciting year for CEGX and we are looking to amplify our commercial activity and footprint into 2023.  World-leading researchers are working with us to demonstrate the utility of our current products and crystalising requirements for future products. We are rapidly expanding and evolving our workforce to support our early access customers and are preparing for broader customer adoption and new customer collaborations into 2023.The Role:We are looking for an experienced computational biologist, with prior experience leading a team, to head our Data Science team at CEGX.  This is a rare opportunity to lead a function that will really shape CEGX’s product offerings and be right at the interface point with our early adopting customers.  The individual will be responsible for building, developing and managing the team as well as being hands-on and supporting key projects.  Key Responsibilities:Identify opportunities for innovative applications that leverage unique characteristics of our technologies  Develop a roadmap to deliver new computational analysis methods that leverage the unique characteristics of our technologies Design experiments to demonstrate the utility of our technology in various scientific applications Interact with CEGX’s customers to support their use of our technology to deliver on their research questions and to support ongoing product adoption Respond to market and customer intelligence to rapidly prototype product and platform extensions and work with CEGX’s development teams to transfer promising concepts into CEGX’s portfolio. RequirementsThe ideal candidate will be an experienced computational biologist with a demonstrable background leading or managing individuals, whilst still being technically credible and hands-on.  We want someone who sees the opportunity implicit in this role, which is the chance to build something new and impactful in a company in its hyper growth phase. Essential Skills: A      demonstrable track record of leading a team delivering complex computational      biology projects or products to customers PhD or      commensurate experience in biological subject area, with a strong focus on      informatics and data analysis Detailed      understanding of the methods used in genomic data science, including      experimental design, QC, and common methods of secondary and tertiary      analysis such as variant calling, QTL mapping, and GWAS/EWAS Strong      collaboration experience, must be able to show project and stakeholder      management Enjoy      working as part of a fast-moving and results-oriented business where      delivery against deadlines is critical. Ability      to communicate complex topics appropriately to an array of different      backgrounds and audiences. Experience      of at least one of the programming languages commonly used in data science      and scientific programming (such as Python, R, or Julia). Nice to haves: Expertise      in software development best practices (version control, code review, pair      programming, agile/scrum, testing, etc.) Experience      using and deploying systems on cloud platforms (such as GCP or AWS). Good      knowledge of computer science fundamentals (data structures, algorithms,      database systems). Experience      with genomic-specific computational workflow platforms (such as DNANexus      or NextFlow). This is an ideal opportunity for an experienced bioinformatics / computational biology leader to take the reins of a high impact team in a business at an exciting stage of its evolution.BenefitsAbout CEGX | Our Culture | Our Benefits

