
Company DescriptionSince we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together.To solve this problem, we expanded into software and built integrated solutions to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.Job DescriptionThe Risk Infrastructure and ML Platform team builds and maintains infrastructure, platforms and services that enable Square and our merchants to leverage AI/ML in taking principled risks in driving growth and innovation. Our team’s mission is to optimize ML, make it universal across data driven products and services, and provide access to the foundational building blocks of data and decision science. Our vision is to bring the best ML/AI for automated, real-time decisions. We specialize in developing managed ML/AI cloud services and also leverage foundational data platforms. Our strategy is to bring the best Machine Learning-as-a-Service, through automated, end-to-end solutions, to Machine Learning Engineers and Data Scientists across Square.As a Product Manager on Risk Infrastructure and ML Platform, you will drive product strategy and define the roadmap by working closely with Square Infrastructure Engineering, Data Science, Machine Learning, and other internal stakeholders to deliver on the next phase of Square Risk’s Data Pipeline and Machine Learning services. You will ensure that the services, products, and features your sprint team builds deliver maximum value to Square and merchants.Responsibilities:Lead Product Definition: Own and drive multi-year strategy/long-term goals for Risk’s data pipeline and ML ecosystem in partnership with Risk Product teams, Engineering, Machine Learning, Data Science, and Policy functions and partner teams across Square.Define Product Vision: Including all aspects of the roadmap, investment, innovation and experimentation.Engage Customers: Build and manage the customer pipeline. Proactively identify and address customer pain points to increase adoption. Learn from customers to define the product vision and roadmap.Execution of Product Planning and Development: Including customer goals and business requirements for product release, ensuring implementation is aligned with product goals and requirements, and ownership of product positioning.Partner with Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers: to deliver technical projects while working across teams to bring new value to Square internal teams. Meet the Risk platform objectives: by representing your sprint team, their objectives, and strategy with cross-functional stakeholders, Risk leadership, and senior company leaders.Lead interaction with Engineering teams: Including helping the technical team make tradeoffs based on customer requirements, QA/testing of the product.Influence senior leaders: Communicate Risk Infrastructure and ML Services vision, strategy, goals, status, and business impact.Qualifications5+ years of technical product management experience.Knowledge of systems development, including system integrations, data pipelines, design and testing techniques.Experience building consensus and accomplishing goals with highly technical stakeholders/partners.Experience building AI/ML or AI-driven evaluation or recommendation platforms and/or data products with an ability to drive product roadmaps, development, and launch.Additional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $167,300 - USD $204,500
Zone B: USD $158,900 - USD $194,300
Zone C: USD $150,600 - USD $184,000
Zone D: USD $142,200 - USD $173,800To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

