
    
    Digital Risk Decision Science Manager- Santa Ana, Costa RicaAre you energized by analyzing data? Are you ready to join an advanced team in a global company that customers depend on to prevent fraudulent transactions? Then its time to join Western Union as our next Decision Science Manager for Digital Risk area.Western Union powers your pursuit.You will be the strategic organizational manager driving our future direction on Risk Analytics and Modeling in collaboration with the Product Management Team and Risk Engineering Team.Role ResponsibilitiesLead the development and implementation of fraud models/strategies for all Western Union digital products, including all ongoing and systematic data collection and aggregation.Manage multiple projects and data requests in a timely manner.Develop champion/challenger test practices, including post-implementation and monitoring to final results.Lead a team of risk analysts and external vendor resources to ensure that system solutions meet goals and meet business needsRole RequirementsAt least 3 years of experience in People Management positions.Data Scientist degree or at in a similar field such as Economics, Statistics, Math.5+ years of experience in Fraud and Risk across payment, e-commerce, digital or financial services industries. Its advantageous to have a working knowledge of statistical analysis tools like R, SQL and Python.Experience and knowledge using Power BI will help you to outstand in this role.High English proficiency C1+ to communicate across a broad spectrum of stakeholders.We make financial services accessible to humans everywhere. Join us for whats next.Western Union is positioned to become the worlds most accessible financial services company transforming lives and communities. Were a diverse and passionate customer-centric team of over 8,000 employees serving 200 countries and territories, reaching customers and receivers around the globe. More than moving money, we design easy-to-use products and services for our digital and physical financial ecosystem that help our customers move forward.Just as we help our global customers prosper, we support our employees in achieving their professional aspirations. Youll have plenty of opportunities to learn new skills and build a career, as well as receive a great compensation package. If youre ready to help drive the future of financial services, its time for Western Union. Learn more about our purpose and people at https://careers.westernunion.com/.BenefitsYou will also have access to short-term incentives, multiple health insurance options, accident and life insurance, and access to best-in-class development platforms, to name a few(https://careers.westernunion.com/global-benefits/). Please see the location-specific benefits below and note that your Recruiter may share additional role-specific benefits during your interview process or in an offer of employment.We are passionate about diversity. Our commitment is to provide an inclusive culture that celebrates the unique backgrounds and perspectives of our global teams while reflecting the communities we serve. We do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, religion, political affiliation, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, or veteran status. The company will provide accommodation to applicants, including those with disabilities, during the recruitment process, following applicable laws.#LI-YVI    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Financial Services                    

                
                    
                        Management                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Marketing                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Banking / Finance
        


        
    

