
Our mission at Oura is to empower every person to own their inner potential. Our award-winning products help our global community gain a deeper knowledge of their readiness, activity, and sleep quality by using their Oura Ring and its connected app. By providing daily insights and practical steps to inspire healthy lifestyles, we've helped over a million people understand and improve their health. For us, empowering the world starts with living our values and empowering our team. As a quickly growing company focused on helping people live healthier and happier lives, we ensure that our team members have what they need to do their best work — both in and out of the office. Remote: US We are looking for a contract Data Analyst to join our Decision Science team in North America on a part-time basis (10-20 hours weekly). With the guidance of senior technical team members, you will work closely with marketing, product, science and software teams to uncover insights and enable data-driven decision making and story-telling across all areas of the company. The right candidate will be an expert in data access and wrangling using SQL and python, adept at developing visualizations to tell a compelling story, and able to apply statistical techniques to uncover novel insights. You should be able to present results clearly and effectively to an executive and non-technical audience. A major focus of your role will be exploratory data analysis of the health and behavioral trends of Oura users, producing research that we share with the world via our public website. Some examples of this are featured at https://blog.ouraring.com/category/research-validation/RequirementsWe would love to have you on our team if you:Have 2+ years of experience working in data analysis or data science  Are excited about bringing better sleep and wellness to over a million of people worldwide Have great skills in Python and SQL Are adept at creating visualizations that make complex results understandable at a glance Can translate fluently from business requirements to technical implementation and back, telling compelling stories with data Thrive in a fast-paced and highly collaborative work environment where ambiguity, experimentation, iteration, guided autonomy, and flexibility are the norm Nice to have: Familiarity a wide range of statistical techniques, and an intuition for what tool to apply in every situation Nice to have: Familiarity with any AWS tools, including Sagemaker If this sounds like the opportunity for you, please send us your application as soon as possible. BenefitsNA since it is not a full-time roleHourly rate: $65-80 depending on experience, approx 10-20 hours per week (Ideally start by mid-March).Oura is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Individuals seeking employment at Oura are considered without regards to age, ancestry, color, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, socioeconomic status, protected family care or medical leave status, race, religion (including beliefs and practices or the absence thereof), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. We will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.

