
Company DescriptionBLEND360 is an award-winning, new breed Data Science Consultancy focused on powering exceptional results for our Fortune 500/1000 clients and other major organizations. We are a growing company—born at the intersection of advanced analytics, data, and technology.Job DescriptionThis role reports to the SVP of Global Business Development.  The Sales Operations Leader (VP-level) is expected to act as a COO to the Global Business Development team. This role requires to work closely with the SVP in Global Business Development to construct a solid sales process by using data to understand conversion and inform relevant business development activities. This position involves regular communication with senior leadership on deal pipeline status, financial risks, and sales team performance. Key Functional Areas:Sales Strategy: Construct and clarify our sales modus operandi by integrating our new logo origination and deal qualification processes with effective solutioning that is enabled by quick service and consistent fulfillmentSales Process: Figure out, map, and finalize sales process for new logos and partnershipsMetrics: Own pipeline metrics. Evaluate selling activities. Establish metrics to measure sales process inertia, velocity, and conversion. Understand time spent on selling versus servicing on activities inherent in the conversion process such as new client onboarding, etc.Sales Team Performance: Evaluate sales team performance over time. Develop and formalize comp plans for salespeopleFinance: Work with finance to measure cost of new logo & partnerships. Link pricing structure with new logo sales model (direct vs. partnerships). Build financial models to measure impact of new logo activity on annual revenue and marginsCapabilities & Delivery: Interact with Capability Leaders to ensure solutions meet target needs. Engage with Operations and Client Partners to build feedback loops across sales and on/offshore delivery teamsResearch: Conduct deep research on target enterprise clients and provide business development with cost/benefit analyses and new opportunity assessmentsSales Acceleration: Set up a repeatable business development process for POCs and RFPs for Platform Enterprise clientsGo-to-Market: Engage with our Go-to-Market SVP leader to validate client targets, establish deal qualification standards, determine deal profiles, and understand our go-to-market strategy economicsSolution Accelerators: Construct sales model and define appropriate sales versus service tasks for solution accelerators. Measure and evaluate selling activities Success metrics: VP Role Expectations: VP of Sales Operations is the Single Threaded Leader who ultimately owns Blend360’s global sales process. Person needs to make sure the right things are happening, and the right people know about status changes early on. He needs to delegate and orchestrate a lot! He/she also needs to understand when things go sideways, and either put the right fixes in place to correct course and bring them back on track or escalate quickly if problems/fixes are beyond his/her control. Speed matters. KPIs: Revenue GrowthGross MarginQualificationsRequired Personal SkillsSuccessful candidate needs to possess the following personal characteristics:Analytical Thinker & Problem Solver: Ability to utilize exceptional problem-solving skills to work through difficult challengesInfluencer: Innovative leader with the ability to identify opportunities and influence teams to gain support and overcome resistance with data and persuasionDoer: Ability to successfully deliver end-to-end solutions, working through the many obstacles along the wayVisionary: Create clarity and vision on how to execute through ambiguous and complex organizational changesChange Agent: Leading through 'Change Management' operational initiatives that span across regions & capabilitiesEffective Communicator: Ability to present to c-level executives, communicate expectations and requirements equally well with business and technology teams, and capacity to write well-reasoned and data-driven proposalsImpact Assessment: Ability to determine potential impact of proposed investments on business areas (metrics, dollars) and technology/tools Required Professional Experience:Have a deep knowledge and understanding of sales operations in the professional services domain10+ years of experience in building/supporting sales operations for mid/large size enterprises and establishing sales performance oversight mechanismsStrong people & process management skillsFamiliarity with Business Agile Process frameworks & methodologiesFinancially savvyStrong PM, organizational and execution skills The starting pay range for this role is $160k - $250k. Actual compensation within the range will be dependent on several factors including but not limited to skill set and experience, certifications, training, and location. It is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range and determining factors for compensation are considered for each individual circumstance. BLEND360 also offers a competitive benefits program to meet the health and financial well-being of our team and their families. Benefits you can look forward to: medical/dental/vision insurance, 401K, PTO, paid holidays, commuter benefits, spending accounts, life insurance, disability coverage, and EAPs. Additional InformationA diverse workforce is a strong workforce
To deliver growth at BLEND360 and for our clients, we have a responsibility and unique opportunity to positively impact the workforce. Diversity has played a critical role in our history, our growth, and continues to have a profound impact on our success.  We are determined to have equality in the workplace, within our team and as an extension of our clients’ team. This is not the work of the moment, this requires continued learning and purposeful actions.  We are investing resources to understand and improve the sourcing, selection and retention of the talent we hire.

