
Company DescriptionBlock is one company built from many blocks, all united by the same purpose of economic empowerment. The blocks that form our foundational teams — People, Finance, Counsel, Hardware, Information Security, Platform Infrastructure Engineering, and more — provide support and guidance at the corporate level. They work across business groups and around the globe, spanning time zones and disciplines to develop inclusive People policies, forecast finances, give legal counsel, safeguard systems, nurture new initiatives, and more. Every challenge creates possibilities, and we need different perspectives to see them all. Bring yours to Block.Job DescriptionWe're building a bitcoin wallet for the next 100M bitcoin users - importantly for people around the world who likely haven't yet used bitcoin as a savings tool or for its payments capabilities yet. Our goal is economic empowerment -- starting with bringing easy-to-use, reliable wallet that helps people around the world own and manage their bitcoin, rather than having to rely on several tools and services that don't work well together and are challenging to use for a wide global audience.Our goal is to make the future of money intuitive, and safe while helping customers build a better financial future. We're assembling a team experienced in an extremely wide range of disciplines, including business, operations, design, software, hardware, security, and so many other aspects of product delivery.We are hiring our first Product Data Scientist to help our product, marketing, engineering and customer support teams make data-driven decisions about what and how we build for our customers when helping them manage their money. This is a unique opportunity to not only be embedded with an early stage team where you'll have close proximity to strategy and building so you can produce action-oriented analyses, but you'll also influence our data infrastructure and tooling decisions.Because you will work with bitcoin data across different sources (internal systems, blockchain, lightning network, etc.), an understanding of how these technologies function or demonstrated experience or interest working with this data is a big plus.You will report to our Head of Business within Bitcoin Wallet. You can be based anywhere remotely in the United States, as well as in several countries around the world including the UK, Ireland, the Netherlands, Germany, among other countries.Come build the future of money with us! Learn more through our newsletter here.You Will:Empower our team to use data to make business decisions as we build a global product from its earliest days- an opportunity to build data analysis into the infrastructure of a team from day 1Develop both backwards-looking analysis on product performance, marketing effectiveness, monetization and pricing and other main product and business decisions, as well as forward-looking predictive models to help us better understand customers and their needs (e.g. cluster analysis that help us map customer segments back to product usage, retention models)Empower the teams with data and help them to make decisions on improving product features and building a meaningful roadmap (e.g. funnel metrics, analysis of churn and CS data, etc), as well as influencing important decisions like pricing based on acquisition and retention insightsAs a member of the Business team, you'll have the product and business context to be able to proactively spot trends and connect sometimes seemingly disconnected data sets to help the team develop and prove out hypotheses across the end to end lifecycle, forming cohort analysis on things like acquisition channels, etc.Navigate external data sets such as publicly available blockchain data insights (eg bitcoin blockchain analysis) to help us understand things like our total addressable market (TAM) as well as SAM and SOMDesign and help run statistically-significant experiments across different cohorts of customers and ensure hygienic approach to things like causation vs correlationCreate models that help us to analyze risk and security threats as well as optimize key decisions on our approach to money movement (i.e. transaction modeling)Support and guide in our early data infrastructure decisions with product and engineering - as we are a zero to one team, you will get to shape the data infrastructure decisions we make so we have scalable ways of working where data is easily accessible to the right people on our team, all while ensuring that data is secure and aligned with our privacy principles and commitment to customers and partners.QualificationsYou Have:Background in working in product-driven organizations and building and sharing data-driven insights to help make decisions with 8+ years of experienceExperience with cohort and funnel analyses, an understanding of statistical concepts such as selection bias, probability distributions, and conditional probabilitiesExperience telling stories and making relevant recommendations with dataYou've set up and run A/B tests and other types of experimentation designs and can help ensure statistical significance in the right testing environmentWith technical skills, you can automate complex processes and construct data pipelinesExperience with data visualization tools (e.g. Looker, PowerBI, Tableau etc.)Work in collaborative team environments including Product, Marketing, Engineering, Design and ResearchThrives in earlier stage environments - you're a self-starter who gets excited about complex, sometimes vague, or longer-term problems and can be creative on how to solve those problems with data and insightsFamiliarity or interest in learning blockchain analytics as we are building in the bitcoin space and external data sets will help you uncover richer trends and recommendations; ability to connect internal and external data sourcesTechnical skills: Python or R, Advanced SQL Additional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.Zone A: USD $184,100 - USD $225,000Zone B: USD $174,900 - USD $213,700Zone C: USD $165,700 - USD $202,500Zone D: USD $156,400 - USD $191,200To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

