
About the Team
OpenAI’s Legal team plays an indispensable role in advancing OpenAI's mission by navigating futuristic, foundational legal issues in AI. This is the team for you if you care deeply about doing meaningful and novel work as a technology lawyer. The team comprises various backgrounds, including technology, venture capital, M&A, employment, and tax law. 
About the Role
As an AI Product Counsel, you will support and lead product, privacy, and regulatory legal initiatives for our cutting-edge models and technologies. This is a unique opportunity to be directly involved in the forefront of the legal and technology field. You'll help define and lead the legal work surrounding fascinating AI innovations like ChatGPT. This role reports to our Associate General Counsel, AI.
This role is based in our San Francisco HQ. We offer relocation assistance to new employees.
In this role, you will:
Support OpenAI research, engineering, and product teams in the development and release of cutting-edge AI products and services  
Identify and address privacy, product, regulatory, and other legal risks and mitigations
Develop and improve processes for scaling legal support as the company grows
Become an expert in AI legal matters and help propose and advance AI legal policy positions
You might thrive in this role if you: 
Have at 4-8 years of combined legal experience at fast-paced technology companies and technology-focused law firms.
Have significant experience in privacy and product counseling
Have a strong sense of ownership, are inquisitive and enthusiastic about technology, enjoy being continually challenged, and can demonstrate sound judgment in ambiguous situations.
Have a JD and license or qualification to practice in CA
About OpenAI
OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. 
At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
Compensation, Benefits and Perks
The annual salary range for this role is $230,000. Total compensation also includes generous equity and benefits.
Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family
Mental health and wellness support
401(k) plan with 4% matching
Unlimited time off and 18+ company holidays per year
Paid parental leave (20 weeks) and family-planning support
Annual learning & development stipend ($1,500 per year)
We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via accommodation@openai.com.
OpenAI US Applicant Privacy Policy 

