
Title:  Big Data Solution ArchitectType:  Full-timeLocation: Switzerland (Lausanne or Zurich)🧬 About usVisium is a fast-growing Swiss AI technology consultancy company founded in 20218. At Visium, we develop customized AI-powered solutions for our clients in order to help them achieve their business goals.With a team of 55+ Visiumees dedicated to accelerating the adoption of state-of-the-art Artificial Intelligence in traditional industries. We are the strategic AI partner of world-leading companies and we contribute to them with ethical AI solutions that have a massive positive impact on their business, customers and employees.🧭 RoleYou will be our clients Data Engineering expert, helping them identify their opportunities and designing the projects we will develop for them. As the first point of contact for many of our prospects, you will establish a close, impactful, and long-lasting relationship with our clients and partners. More importantly, you will be the main technical reference when it comes to supporting the growth team in the design of Data Engineering solutions and during client meetings. 💡 What you will be responsible forAs a Big Data Solution Architect you will be:Our technical expert to support our Sales team: Cooperate with our Sales team and senior stakeholders, during pre-sales stage, to construct a total solutioning proposal, including offering and pricing, high level scope of both functional and technical requirements, data and security.Identify potential Data Engineering use-cases and evaluate the value they would bring to our clients.  Prepare proposal presentations for clients’ projects.  A trusted technical advisor to clients and project members:Participate in or drive deep architectural discussions to build trust and rapport with clients during the implementation stage. Provide technological and architectural consulting to our clients, create strategic roadmaps, and advise on their execution. Solve complex technical challenges, and build deep relationships with senior technical individuals within internal and client organizations. Guide teams through the end-to-end project lifecycle, covering the initial conception, business requirements, software architecture, implementation, and delivery. Act as a technical lead and coach for the more junior team members. A resourceful leader to bring our Data Engineering practices to the next level: Promote the adoption of new initiatives on client side or internally. Run group-wide thought leadership initiatives to advance our architectural practices and sustain our technical excellence. Depending on your previous experiences and appetite to grow, you will have the opportunity to gain more responsibilities.Requirements🔧 What we are looking forA  trustful expert in Data Engineering with  a strong technical knowledge that can be put at the best-use of our clients’ project. A client-centric person  with strong consultative selling capabilities and commercial awareness to be a winning partner to close deals. A resourcefulness and a self-starter leader, always looking for constant self and collective improvements in his/her areas of expertise and beyond. Required qualifications:2-5 years of experience in designing and implementing large scale data engineering projects, preferable from a consulting background.  Strong expertise on data management and cloud architecture.   Excellent leadership, stakeholder management and communication skills to speak and present in front of senior executives. Good communication skills, fluent in English, French or German is a plus. Benefits📦 What we offerA yearly education budget  to steep your learning curve A yearly sport budget because a fit body leads to a fit mind A position that enables you to have an impact on 1’000s of people A welcoming, international, and diverse team with a fun and dynamic spirit Opportunity to join a talented and experienced startup with proven traction in its journey Open and transparent culture Our cultureThe family culture we have built in our company is something we are very proud of. We truly value our people and encourage them to work and express themselves in the best possible way. You can always count on the people around you to help you get back on track. We always strive to do the right thing. Open discussion is welcomed and everyone is encouraged to share new ideas. We believe everyone can make a valuable impact no matter their role. We are united through the passion with which we approach our goals. 'Good-enough' is missing from our vocabulary because we stretch for amazing.Check our LinkedIn and Instagram to learn more about us & don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

