
Seldon was founded in 2014 with a simple yet ambitious mission: accelerate the adoption of machine learning to solve the world’s most challenging problems. Seldon accelerates the process of deploying, monitoring, explaining, and managing machine learning models, reducing risk and increasing ROI for data science projects. We have already helped to bring more than 3+ million unique ML models to production for hundreds of enterprises including Capital One, Ford, and Exscientia with productivity gains of up to 92%.
Machine learning will soon be at the core of every connected business, so we’re seeking talented individuals to drive our mission forward to deliver industry-leading machine learning deployment and continue to make our mark in the MLOps space.
We’ve created a culture that we’re proud of that’s driven by our open, collaborative ethos and supportive environment. We’re a passionate team of innovators and the builders of serious next-generation, data-centric MLOps.
 
What You Will Be Doing
Seldon creates products that allow customers to have deep insight into their production machine learning deployments. As we further develop our product we have a need for powerful visualizations of live machine learning data. This role will provide an opportunity to a data focused front end engineer to extend their skills into highly scalable and intuitive visualizations across diverse industry use cases and data modalities for machine learning.
You will interact on a daily basis with both our data science and product teams to build intuitive visualizations that will go into our core products and that provide insight from the many machine learning monitoring workflows we run.
In summary:
Design and develop ergonomic and performant interactive data tools: visualisations and UIs for advanced monitoring and analytics (real time analytics, clusters or graphs visualisations) or web apps meant to help users run and monitor optimised programs at scale on top of our ML platform.
Working closely with the UI/UX and Data Science team in building out innovative products in the MLOps space.
Be able to hack at data visualisation methods and be able to reproduce any charting methods you see.
What you will bring to the team
Experience or deep interest to learn D3 / SVG / Canvas based visualisations
Interest in data science
Experience in developing modern web applications using latest technologies (ideally React/TypeScript)
You are curious by nature. We are building products at Seldon that have not been solved before so if you enjoy experimenting with new ideas to solve these problems that’s perfect
Nice to have
Commercial experience or track record in delivering commercial software projects
 
 
Why join Seldon?
Seldon was founded in 2014 with a simple yet ambitious aim: accelerate the adoption of machine learning to solve some of the world’s most challenging problems. Since launching in 2018, Seldon has over 5 million unique models deployed and has raised over £10 million in venture funding. Over two-thirds of the Seldon customer base are members of the Fortune 500 and include industry leaders such as Google, Red Hat and IBM.
We have created a culture that we’re proud of driven by our passionate, talented team and our open, collaborative ethos. We operate on the cutting edge of technology, in an agile environment that is evolving as we scale, enabling unique opportunities to grow and develop your career as part of the team and help shape the future with MLOps.
Seldon Benefits
An exciting role in a fast-growing company, with the opportunity to play a key part in shaping our approach moving forward.
A supportive and collaborative team environment
A commitment to learning and career development and £1000 per year L&D budget
Competitive salary and share options to align you with our long-term success
28 days annual leave (plus flexible bank holidays on top)
Flexible approach to hybrid-working (⅔ split)
Nest Pension scheme
AXA Private Medical Insurance (including dental and optical)
AIG Life Assurance and EAP
Perkbox - perks, medical and wellbeing benefits
Cycle to work scheme
Regular socials and events
Top-spec equipment

