
About komootKomoot is an app that lets you find, plan, and share adventures. It’s driven by a desire to explore and powered by the outdoor community’s recommendations. And we're good at what we do: Google and Apple have numerous times listed us as one of their Apps of the Year. And with more than 30 million users and 300,000 five-star reviews, we are well on our way to becoming the most popular app for finding, planning, and sharing adventures worldwide. Join our remote-first team and begin your adventure with komoot.About the roleJoin a brand new, motivated team of four to develop algorithms that generate Tours users can take as templates for their outdoor adventures. With our extensive utilization of user-generated content, we extract and distill the knowledge of the outdoor community to create these templates algorithmically. We’re leading the field with our novel approach and with your help we’ll take it to the next level. Do you like to submerge yourself in difficult problems (and this is really difficult, we promise) and find simple and elegant solutions? Can’t wait to prototype and benchmark them with alternative solutions? Are you not content until you’ve implemented an idea and shipped it to users? If this sounds like you then you’ll thrive in our team.  In this role, your work will be central to helping millions of people find an unforgettable adventure in the great outdoors. Ready for your next adventure?What you’ll do  Analyze and visualize internal and external (geospatial) data to derive insights and opportunities Discuss, exchange, evaluate, and challenge ideas with your teammates Devise, prototype, and systematically evaluate data solutions and algorithms Turn proof of concepts into well-crafted and tested production code Develop short and long-term roadmaps with your team Why you’ll love it Your work will help people to have an unforgettable outdoor adventure You’ll work with vast and diverse data sets including user-generated content, geospatial, OpenStreetMap, and user interaction data from our apps You’ll work on a unique mission and on problems no one has solved before We have a clear use case and mission: Your efforts won’t end up in the drawer but will impact millions of users You'll work on tough technical challenges that will push your technical skills and creative problem-solving We are a tech company with little organizational overhead, focusing on ownership and responsibility instead of micromanagement and hierarchiesWe take a lot of time and care when choosing our team – it’s the best thing we have. We work and achieve results together to help people explore more of the great outdoors.  This is a remote role, we are a remote-first team and you are free to work from anywhere that lies in the UTC-1 and UTC+3 time zones.  We have flexible working hours with core time for communication between 10 am – 3 pm (UTC+2). You can organize your workday in the way that best suits you, your family, and your needs. 38 days of paid time off (public holidays included) + 3 additional personal growth days.  Personal Growth budget and time – 3 days off work + EUR 2000 to dedicate to your personal growth: classes, conferences, books – your choice! Three whole-company on-site gatherings each year in beautiful locations. You can check out this playlist  to find out more about how we stay close while being remote. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6sbHrhRcoU...  Costs covered for your co-working space membership or your work from home office setup and the latest devices and equipment to do your best work. You can check out these videos to find out more about how we stay close while being remote. [Get to know the Komoot Team] RequirementsYou’ll be successful in this position if you Are highly self-driven, responsible, and keen to learn and improve Are a strong team player and a strong communicator Have a passion for finding creative solutions and validating their merit Have 3+ years of professional experience in software development Have 3+ years of experience in a research or data science context Have knowledge and an interest in math, statistics, data science, and data visualization Appreciate the outdoors, nature, and being active Bonus: Have knowledge of GIS BenefitsCurious to find out more?More about our team and our values here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs  More about how we work here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process#how-we-work  More about our recruitment process and FAQs here: https://www.komoot.com/jobs-process  We support diversity and inclusivity and welcome all prospective applicants. Not sure if you meet all requirements above? Don't sweat it – if you think you're the right person anyway, we'd love to hear from you. We have a rolling recruitment process. If this role is online, it means it’s still open. We’re accepting applications and actively looking for the right candidate. Is it you? 
