
Company DescriptionOur MissionTrainline is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide.  Via our highly rated website and mobile app, people can seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place. We bring together millions of routes, fares and journey times from 270+ rail and coach carriers across 45 countries.  We offer our customers the best price for their journey and smart, real time travel information on the go.  Our aim is to make rail and coach travel easier and more accessible, encouraging people to make more environmentally sustainable travel choices.Job DescriptionAs a Senior Data Engineer at Trainline you will... ·       Use cutting edge Data technology to deliver world class Data applications ·       Contribute and support the Technical / Architecture Direction of the team ·       Work in a self-organised Agile team ·       Question and shape the team’s direction  Your qualifications·       Thrive in a diverse, open and collaborative environment ·       Have excellent knowledge of Scala  ·       Strong understanding of functional programming paradigms ·       A consistent background in software development in high volume environments ·       Worked with stream processing technologies (Kafka, Storm, AWS Kinesis, etc) ·       Has worked with AWS in previous roles (including acronyms such AWS, EMR, ECS, EKS)   Our Technology Stack ·       We use a variety of technologies at Trainline. Our core stack in Data is: ·       Scala ·       Kafka, Kafka Streams and KSQL ·       AWS, S3, Parquet, Glue and EMR for our Data Lake ·       Elasticsearch and Dynamodb ·       Athena  ·       Knowledge of Clojure (optional)  Additional InformationBut why should you join?You will be working in a high performing and collaborative multi-cultural team. We have over 42 nationalities across our 5 offices in London, Paris, Edinburgh, Barcelona and Milan who work closely together. We want our people to stretch their minds, abilities, and share their knowledge. Each year we hold The Trainline Tech Summit, which provides Trainliners with an opportunity to stand up and share their story, learnings, or new skills with their colleagues in a safe environment.We've always paid special attention to flexible working as we value a strong work/life balance. The pandemic has taught us that a balance between remote working and being in a collaborative office environment leads to productive teams. Our CultureCoaches Over HeroesWe prioritise the focus on being one team over elevating the heroics of an individual, for us the true heroes are those who are excellent at nurturing, coaching and generous in sharing their knowledge with others.Well-beingEverything that we do takes into account the morale of every member of our team, their opportunities for growth and for participation in exciting challenges.Mentoring and LearningWe have a mentoring community that is constantly growing, we provide people with mentors or buddies from various teams.TrustWe hire awesome people capable of making smart decisions - empowerment is a great enabler of agility. It is within a supportive team that you will feel the strength to thrive and try new things knowing that everyone will be there for you along the way.  We value open expression at Trainline, we believe it’s the diversity of experience, backgrounds and perspectives of our employees that makes us who we are. We encourage everybody to play a part in changing the way people travel across the world.

