
Company DescriptionTesco BengaluruWe are a multi-disciplinary team creating a sustainable competitive advantage for Tesco by standardising processes, delivering cost savings, enabling agility, providing cutting-edge technological solutions and empowering our colleagues to do ever more for our customers. With cross-functional expertise in Global Business Services and Retail Technology & Engineering, a wide network of teams and strong governance we reduce complexity thereby offering high quality services for our customers. Tesco Bengaluru, established in 2004 to enable standardisation and build centralised capabilities and competencies, makes the experience better for our millions of customers worldwide and simpler for over 4,40,000 colleagues.At Tesco Business Services, we have a mission to simplify, scale & partner to serve our customers, colleagues and suppliers through a best in class intelligent Business Services model . We do this by building a world class business services model by executing service model framework right at the heart of everything we do for our worldwide customers. The key objective is to implement and execute service model across all our functions and markets consistently. The ethos of business services is to free-up our colleagues from a regular manual operational work. We use cognitive technology to augment our key decision making. We also built a Continuous Improvement (CI) culture across functions to drive bottom-up business efficiencies by optimising processes. Business services colleagues need to act as a business partner with our group stakeholders to build a collaborative partnership driving continuous improvement across markets and functions to lead the best customer experience by serving our shoppers a little better every day.At Tesco, inclusion means that Everyone?s Welcome.  Everyone is treated fairly and with respect; by valuing individuality and uniqueness we create a sense of belonging.Diversity and inclusion have always been at the heart of Tesco.  It is embedded in our values: we treat people how they want to be treated.  We always want our colleagues to feel they can be themselves at work and we are committed to helping them be at their best.Across the Tesco group we are building an inclusive workplace, a place to actively celebrate the cultures, personalities and preferences of our colleagues ? who in turn help to build the success of our business and reflect the diversity of the communities we serve.Job Description- Follow Tesco's Business Code of Conduct and always act with integrity and due diligence - Accountable for engaging with markets to understand their key outcomes; identifying and executing analytics projects that will result in disproportionate returns - Drive value realization through delivery of high impact projects and efficiency gain by automating repeatable tasks - Track and measure return on investment for Analytical Investments - Accountable for achieving teams objectives; stakeholder management and escalation management - Institutionalize robust ways of working through reusable frameworks; code and knowledge management - Develop analytical assets that are deployed in production and will deliver value on sustained periods of time - Collaborate with colleagues to design; execute and measure analytical solution - Develop and lead a high performing team; creating an environment for success by setting direction and coaching them to succeed through inspiring conversations every day. - Hands-on problem solving. You will be required to get hands dirty with data and applied math - Initiates and designs continuous improvements initiatives to drive performance within their teams - Diagnose and recommends solutions to operational challenges; using specialist knowledge and operational expertise.Qualifications-Understanding of machine learning techniques - Linear & Logistics regression; Decision Trees; Random Forest; XgBoost and Neural Network - Knowledge of Python; SQL; Hive and one of the visualization tools (Tableau or MicroStrategy)- Stakeholder management; Operations Delivery; Analysis and Judgment; People Policies and Processes; Foundational Statistics & MathAdditional InformationImportant Notice: On behalf of Tesco Bengaluru, we must caution all job seekers and educational institutions that Tesco Bengaluru does not authorise any third parties to release employment offers or conduct recruitment drives via a third party. Hence, beware of inauthentic and fraudulent job offers or recruitment drives from any individuals or websites purporting to represent Tesco. Further, Tesco Bengaluru does not charge any fee or other emoluments for any reason (including without limitation, visa fees) or seek compensation from educational institutions to participate in recruitment events. Accordingly, please check the authenticity of any such offers before acting on them and where acted upon, you do so at your own risk. Tesco Bengaluru shall neither be responsible for honouring or making good the promises made by fraudulent third parties, nor for any monetary or any other loss incurred by the aggrieved individual or educational institution. In the event that you come across any fraudulent activities in the name of Tesco Bengaluru, please feel free report the incident at recruitment_compliance_india@tesco.com 

