
About the jobWe are looking for an autonomous individual to join our Flights team as a Data Engineer to design and build data environments that are robust, high-quality, and provide fast access. The ideal candidate will leverage their experience as an engineer writing code and proficiency with data-intensive systems to build data pipelines and solve customer problems.The data engineer will own the data infrastructure, tooling, and technical guidance to enable the Flights team to make data-driven decisions. The role will be critical to building and executing on a progressive data strategy for our Flights team. A successful candidate has prior experience building a data pipeline infrastructure from scratch, scaling resilient solutions, and can find stability in abstract work. This person will also help to reinforce a culture of ownership over data integrity across all Flights teams enabling product managers in Flights to make data driven decisions at scale.
Responsibilities:
Enable data-driven insights, accurate reporting by ensuring consistent, accurate, and accessible data for internal analysis.Work backwards from customer needs with Product to set and achieve measurable goals regarding data integrity.Develop and distribute best practices for recording, storing, and processing product data to facilitate rapid development and self-service.Draft and review specifications and plans relating to data generation and consumption related to the team's products.Write, review, and deploy production code related to data storage and processing for the team's products.Promote a culture of ownership of data concerns within the team.Strong Candidates Will Have:
3+ years of recent experience building and operating high-volume and high-reliability data processing systemsA strong sense of ownership over outcomes, and preference for results over processHands-on experience working with the Google Cloud Platform suite of toolsExperience with data warehousing, data infrastructure, and ETL (Terraform, AirFlow, Dataflow, BigQuery or similar tools)Enthusiasm to collaborate across multiple teams and stakeholders on abstract problems and developing solutionsETL batch and workflow orchestration with AWS Data Pipeline/Airflow or similarExperience with designing and building large scale data pipelines in distributed environments with technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra, Kafka, Spark, HBase, etc.Backend development experience with Scala, Java, Python, unix shell scripting and a zeal for writing well-designed, testable softwareExperience with Business Intelligence tools such or Data Studio, Amplitude, Tableau, or similarDemonstrated ability to create a vision, architecting scalable long term solutions that apply technology to solve business problemsPreferred Qualifications: 
Degree in a relevant technical field (Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics)Broad understanding of cloud contact center technologies and operations More about HopperAt Hopper, we are on a mission to become the world’s best — and most fun — place to book travel. By leveraging massive amounts of data, advanced machine learning algorithms, Hopper combines its world-class travel agency offering with proprietary fintech products to help customers spend less and travel better. Ranked the third largest online travel agency in North America, the app has been downloaded nearly 80 million times and continues to gain market share globally.Here are just a few stats that demonstrate the company’s recent growth:- Hopper sold around $4 billion in travel and travel fintech in 2022, up nearly 3X over 2021. In 2022, Hopper increased its revenue 2.5X year-over year.- The company’s bespoke fintech products, such as Flight Disruption Guarantee and Price Freeze, now represent 30-40% of Hopper’s total app revenue. - Given the success of its fintech products, Hopper launched a B2B initiative called Hopper Cloud in late 2021. Through this partnership program, any travel provider (airlines, hotels, banks, travel agencies, etc.) can integrate and seamlessly distribute Hopper’s fintech or travel inventory. As its first Hopper Cloud partnership, - Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.- Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company four years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 80 million times and continues to have millions of new installs each month. - Hopper has raised over $700 million USD of private capital and is backed by some of the largest institutional investors and banks in the world. Hopper is primed to continue its acceleration as the world’s fastest-growing mobile-first travel marketplace. Come take off with us!

