
Plume Labs Plume Labs is a French technology company helping individuals avoid air pollution through 3 products:A global atmospheric pollution API, which gives businesses and academic teams an access to live air quality data and forecasts A mobile app, Plume Air Report, which provides real-time and forecast air quality levels around the world Flow, our personal air quality tracker that senses pollutants around you Our products are powered by our unique atmospheric data platform, based on state-of-the-art geospatial AI models trained on terabytes of data and applied in real-time to the latest available measurements. We are now part of AccuWeather, recognized as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings. With global headquarters in State College, Pennsylvania; a severe weather center in Wichita, Kansas; and offices in New York City and elsewhere around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to provide them with actionable information about the weather. AccuWeather also helps businesses assess and manage the risks they face related to weather, and in particular with climate change. What you will do We are building a wide range of innovative products at the crossroads between atmospheric science and AI. By joining our Data & Machine Learning team, you will bring your unique contribution to those efforts. A non-exhaustive list of the kind of tasks you can expect to work on:Dive deep into our existing modeling framework, based on state-of-the-art deep learning and atmospheric science - you’ll learn about geospatial AI, CNNs, GNNs and LSTMs Design and implement new approaches - if they work better than the existing, you will implement them at scale in production Apply your findings to diverse topics, from air quality or precipitation forecasting to the simulation of wildfire propagation Contribute to the daily work of the team and communicate effectively on your work This is a minimum 6-month internship starting in April 2022 (we are flexible on the start date). The team is currently fully remote, and we gather in Paris on a regular basis.We have published recently a challenge as part of the Challenge Data organized by Ecole Normale Supérieure : https://challengedata.ens.fr/challenges/88. Have a look to get a better idea of our work!Recruiting process: Round #1 & #2: technical interviews with the Data team (1h)Round #3: motivation and fit interview with COO (30min)RequirementsYou have a strong background in maths (probabilities, statistics, optimization, …) and have a good understanding of machine learning and deep learning You have used the Python ecosystem for machine learning (Numpy, Scikit-learn, …), and ideally you have experience with one of the main deep learning frameworks (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, Jax, …) You are able to work autonomously in an agile development environment, and are not afraid of bringing your prototype in production You know how to communicate your results, both to a technical and non-technical audience BenefitsInternational environment: you will be working closely with team members in France and in the US.Fully remote work policy.

