
Trilateral Research have a fantastic opportunity for a French-speaking OSINT Data Analyst to join our Sociotech for Good Team. In this role you will be responsible for supporting the development of an ethical AI solution in the domain of human trafficking, modern slavery, and supply chain risk. If these sound like the kind of issues to which you want to apply your data analysis skills, and you have a passion for solving problems that make a real and positive impact in the world, please apply.

As an OSINT Data Analysis, you will lead on identifying, exploring, assessing, and processing data from various sources, and understanding their structure, content, and potential value to deliver insights for the human trafficking and supply chain use case. You will interpret this multi-source data and turn it into information that can be used by decision makers within the business.

Our company and what we do
At Trilateral Research we provide ethical AI solutions for tackling complex social issues, from human trafficking and child exploitation, citizen security in crisis to pollution and climate change. We transform research into innovation and sustainable impact​, focusing our efforts where we can enhance societal wellbeing.

We apply rigorous, cutting-edge research when developing and accessing new technologies to ensure they achieve sustainable innovation and measurable impact. Our teams include humanities specialists, social scientists, data scientists, ethical, legal and human rights experts who work across the technology-social disciplinary divide.

What are your responsibilities?
Develop a comprehensive data collection system/workflow to assess the prevalence of human trafficking and its intersection with other crimes in the UK and other countries of focus.Discover, document and manage metadata for data sources that have potential to be used to generate business value.Contribute to the delivery of Data Management related tasks in products and/or projects in line with specified requirements; begin to demonstrate abilities to lead data management tasks from ideation through to delivery, leveraging contextual understanding of the application area.Perform end-to-end tasks relating to data analysis, data management, and insights generation, including: collection, curation, cleaning, analysis, presentation, visualization and reporting activities.Lead technical reports, technical documentation, deliverables, and content for proposals, specifically including data dictionary creation and management.Work in an interdisciplinary sociotech manner, ensuring an understanding and engagement with the subject area, data ethics, data privacy, data security and algorithmic transparency considerations.Provide clear and useful technical documentation, specifically data dictionaries for each data source.Contribute to discovery efforts under supervision of senior staff.Participate in the project team supporting knowledge exchange efforts.Due to the nature of the specific project, fluent French language skills are a requirement.Requirements
What skills and experience you will bring to the role:

Interpersonal Skills:
Good organizational, verbal and written communication skills.Willingness to learn, knowledge share, and improve.Ability to operate in environments with tight timelines.Problem solving mindset.General Knowledge and Technical Skills:
Fluent French oral and written communication.Knowledge of the subject area relating to modern slavery, human trafficking, supply chain risk, and associated issues.Experience of understanding, analysing, and documenting data.Knowledge/experience of identifying relevant data sources to deliver against a project brief or other forms of business requirements.Ability to understand and assess data yielded from APIs.Good understanding of data management principles and working practices.Background knowledge of, and experience with, data management software tools (e.g. relational databases).Good experience manipulating large data sets (structured and unstructured data) through statistical software or other methods.Knowledge of software packages and languages for manipulating data (Python, SQL, Excel).Ability and willingness to discover, use, and learn new technologies.Demonstrable experience and interest in the realization of ethical AI.
Required Education and Experience:
At least 1-2 years’ professional experience in data analysis (Essential)Experience using data to understand/analyse social, economic, demographic, political, and business issues and risks (Desirable)Masters/PhD in a relevant subject such as social or political science (with data analysis skills), mathematics, or data science (Essential)Interest in developing data analysis skills further, for instance by extracting insights from the data (Desirable)Experience working in an agile project/product environment (Desirable)
What else do I need to know?
Our compensation package includes:
Competitive salaryFlexible working hoursRemote working/working from home optionsPension schemeContinuous career development
Location: This position is open to candidates based in the UK
Contract type: Permanent, full-time Employment Contract
Salary: Commensurate with experience
Hours: Full time

About us
Our culture is based on delivering high-quality outputs, through our commitment and passion for what we do. We work in an open and collaborative environment where the team culture provides support amongst peers and colleagues. We believe in the strength of a diverse, gender-balanced environment with positive work-life balance, and value the passion and talents of our team.

Find out about our people and culture, and see how our mission drives the research projects we take on, the key data protection services we provide, and the technology products and supplementary services we develop, by visiting our website Trilateral Research.

How to apply
Please submit both your CV and a cover letter, linking your experience to our requirements in order to have your application considered. References will be required prior to appointment and candidates must be eligible to work in the UK

We are an Equal Opportunities employer and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates, regardless of their age, sex, race, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital/civil partnership status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are a Disability Confident committed and Living Wage employer.

At Trilateral Research, we value privacy and data protection rights. We have a longstanding data protection culture and promote robust ethical standards in data management and research ethics. Please read our Recruitment Privacy Notice in relation to our recruitment activities before submitting your application to work with us.

