
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionJob DescriptionPayments has become a very active/hot area in the last couple of years, creating a strong demand for innovation. This will be a very exciting area in the next 5 to 10 years. Not only is VISA a leader in the payment industry and has been for a long time, but it is also quickly transitioning into a technology company that is fostering an environment for applying the latest technology to solve exciting problems in this area. For a payment system to work well, the risk techniques, performance, and scalability are critical. These techniques and systems can benefit from big data, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, and many other advance technologies and in VISA, we have all of these. If you want to be in the exciting payment space, learn fast, and make big impacts, Payment Systems Risk team @ VISA is an ideal place for you.This position is for a ML Scientist who will focus on solving business problems using data and machine learning techniques. In this position, you are first a passionate and talented individual who can work in a dynamic environment as a member of Agile Scrum teams.  Your strong technical leadership, problem-solving abilities, coding, testing, and debugging skills is just a start.  Essential FunctionsExecute model implementation and performance tracking for risk modelsCompile complex predictive model packages for production deployment, support model installations, and monitor and calibrate production modelsPropel analytic product development via conducting statistical analyses on various data sources and add values to products by being innovative and applying the analysisAssist in scoping and designing financial and analytic metrics to measure development and production outcomes and produce performance reportsFind opportunities to create and automate repeatable analyses or build self-service tools for business usersConduct transaction data analyses with Hadoop/Cloud and big data technologies for internal and external product owners, and develop deeper insights into the products using advanced statistical methodsWork on cross functional teams and collaborate with internal and external stakeholdersPromote big data innovations and analytic education throughout the Visa organizationThis is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.QualificationsBasic Qualifications:2 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD)Preferred Qualifications:3 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or more than 2 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD)Minimum of 1 year of experience in developing statistical predictive modelsReal world experience using Hadoop and the related query engines (Hive/SparkSQL)High level of competence in Python, Spark and Unix/Linux scriptsExperience with SAS/SQL/Hive for extracting and aggregating dataAbility to program in one or more scripting languages such as Perl or Python and one or more programming languages such as Java or ScalaExperience with one or more common statistical tools such SAS, R, KNIME, MATLABProficiency in designing and solving classification/prediction problems using open source libraries such as Scikit learnProficiency in data manipulation using Python tools such as Pandas, NumPy etc.Deep learning experience with TensorFlow is a plusExperience with data visualization and business intelligence tools like Tableau is a plusAdditional InformationVisa has adopted a COVID-19 vaccination policy to safeguard the health and well-being of our employees and visitors. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the U.S. are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. US Applicants Only: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is 121,600.00 USD to 155,000.00 USD, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position is eligible for annual bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position is eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.

