

        Job Title 

        Analytical Engineer (f/m/d) - Marketing

        Job Description

        IONOS is a fast-growing, customer-centric provider of domain, hosting, web, e-commerce, server and cloud solutions. We operate worldwide. We are a young company with high tech competence that offers its employees a future-proof workplace with exciting projects, a steep learning curve, individual training opportunities and good career prospects. To strengthen our Marketing Analytics team, we are looking for a Data Engineer (f/m/d) - Marketing with the following tasks:
You will develop concepts for storing and processing our new customer, online marketing and onsite data in the Snowflake data warehouse.
You will ensure the data transfer from the online and web analytics platforms (Google, Facebook, Adobe and co.) into our data warehouse.
You will be responsible for data validation and implementation of calculation logics as well as linking data based on keys.
You will implement & operate ETL routes and processes around the collection, storage, maintenance, preparation, enrichment and sharing of data.
You will maintain components of our data infrastructure from data source to visualization.
Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        You bring hands-on experience in the hosting segment or another subspriction business and want to contribute to the implementation of innovative Data Analytics infrastructures. You also need the following requirements:
You quickly orient yourself in new complex situations and never lose sight of the goals. Ideally, you have also led complex IT projects to success in recent years.
You have extensive knowledge in the development languages SQL and Python. Optionally, you also bring experience in Java.
You have practical knowledge in data visualization with PowerBi or Looker.
You have experience in working with data warehousing technologies such as Snowflake and online marketing or analytics platforms such as Google BigQuery, Adobe Analytics, Facebook, etc.
You communicate proactively and confidently in English as require.
You have a high level of initiative and the ability to learn new things independently.
About the Company
        With its business applications, IONOS is one of the leading hosting and cloud applications providers in Europe. With our state-of-the-art technologies, we convince more than 8 million customers in many different countries every day.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Pawel Kuzak
            

            E-mail contact: pawel.kuzak@1und1.de

            
            Web: https://united-internet.talentry.com/share/job/220978/620141/1672824118/3
            
        
