

        Job Title 

        Data Manager (w/m/d)

        Job Description

        You have a passion for digital data products and want to make a difference in a company with an agile environment and flat hierarchies? We have more than just a job waiting for you: Become part of our Data Intelligence team and develop new, innovative data products on a state-of-the-art data platform as a Data Manager (f/m/d) together with your stakeholders and software development.
You proactively support our stakeholders with your technical know-how in the development of data products and expand your technical understanding of our business in dialog.
You independently design, develop and operate ETL routes based on SQL and Python to provide innovative products with the necessary data.
You create reports and dashboards to ensure appropriate presentation and use for internal and external customers.
You will actively support the further development of our data platform by contributing ideas and requirements that you identify during the planning and implementation of data products.
Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        You have completed a (business) / computer science degree, completed a comparable training or have relevant professional experience in the field of data management or data engineering? You enjoy working with different departments and development units? Are you a real team player, do you have a passion for data and innovation, and do you have a hands-on attitude? Then we are looking forward to your application!
You have solid experience in handling structured and unstructured data in various systems such as relational databases and object storage systems.
In addition to a broad basic understanding of technology, you have very good SQL and Python skills.
Ideally, you have first experiences with Business Intelligence tools such as MicroStrategy.
You work independently and in a structured manner and attach importance to sustainable documentation.
You are communicative, enjoy working in cross-functional teams and are assertive in dealing with stakeholders.
You have a good command of German and English.
About the Company
        We are the exclusive media marketer and dialog specialist of the United Internet Group. Many years of expertise and sound know-how, leading technologies such as Target Group Planning (TGP), innovative products, creative concepts and the bundled reach of United Internet's portals - WEB.DE, GMX, 1&1, mail.com - as well as partner portals Das Telefonbuch, Das Örtliche and Gelbe Seiten make us one of Germany's leading marketers.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Pawel Kuzak
            

            E-mail contact: pawel.kuzak@1und1.de

            
            Web: https://united-internet.talentry.com/share/job/254329/620141/1656528305/3
            
        
