

        Job Title 

        Integrations Developer – Python (m/f/d)

        Job Description

        Please apply directly on the link
We are actively looking for you, a team player with an affinity to develop and improve business-critical solutions and integrations. Working closely with our traders, analysts and operational teams, your job is to review and improve proprietary tools and ensure coherent implementations of 3rd party APIs across the organization.
As you will be working on the technical foundation on which Convex is built, you should be proficient in writing code in C# and Python and have direct experience working with APIs. You should have excellent troubleshooting skills and feel comfortable working directly with internal end-users for who you write and review applications.

Tasks
Develop performant, efficient, and scalable services and APIs in both C# and Python Review and improve code written by traders/analysts, give feedback and monitor applications
Develop test suites (xunit for C#, pytest for Python)
Ensure that all applications used and developed at Convex follow state-of-the-art quality standards
Deploy applications to our Kubernetes clusters using scripted Azure DevOps Pipelines


Benefits
Compensation directly proportional to the success of the company
Exclusive access to our private Gym onsite incl. Healthcare-Coach
Exclusive access to our private Bistro onsite with healthy snacks provided
Paid trainings and certifications to help you on your career path
An ergonomic workplace with standing desks, phone booths, bone conduction headsets and other perks
A pension plan (bAV) with a company-matching contribution
If you match the qualifications above, we would like to hear from you as soon as possible.



        Restrictions
        No telecommuting
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. A Master's degree or higher is preferred
At least 3 years of practical experience working with C# and Python. Proficiency with VBA is a plus
Hands-on experience working with APIs, oAuth2, Swagger, Content Negotiation
A detailed understanding of containerization and orchestration tools such as docker and Kubernetes
Ability and willingness to work with both product managers and end-users
You will work on-site in Berlin
Fluent business English is required
About the Company
        Convex Energy is a knowledge-driven trading house active in the wholesale energy markets. We bring together the expertise of a seasoned team and the power of a unique tech stack. Our team of traders, data scientists, meteorologists, and software engineers work together to modernize and disrupt the commodities trading space. Become an impactful part of shaping a modern, fair and fun trading world. – Apply now!

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: Adithya
            

            E-mail contact: python@arbeitnow.com

            
            Web: https://www.arbeitnow.com/view/integrations-developer-c-python-convex-energy-gmbh-berlin-103237
            
        
