
AACSB is the world’s leading voice in business education, providing quality assurance (accreditation), intelligence and thought leadership, and learning and development (e.g., conferences, seminars, digital learning) opportunities to over 1,800 member organizations and more than 900 accredited business schools in over 100 countries and territories. AACSB’s core values of quality, community, social responsibility, diversity and inclusion, and ethics are all viewed through a global lens in our collective commitment to transform business education for positive societal impact. Synonymous with the highest standards of excellence since 1916, AACSB connects educators, students, and business to develop the next generation of great leaders.Do you want to join a fun, innovation-focused team that will push you to think creatively and will encourage your professional growth? Join AACSB. We are seeking a Data Engineer who is excited to join forces with a talented core of data and business analysts to build insightful and useful tools for variety of stakeholders. As the Data Engineer, you will be responsible for maintaining the pipelines for AACSB’s data warehouse and will collaborate with a variety of different stakeholders to develop solutions. How you will Contribute:Design and develop solutions to enhance AACSB’s data infrastructure.  Design and implement effective processes to store, retrieve, and transform data. Teach these methods to users and developers.   Document systems, keeping the backend technology, service, and API documentation up to date, including the building of workflow documentation to help explain systems as needed to other stakeholders.  Perform code reviews to provide support and quality control before changes are released.  Monitor AACSB’s data assets and perform troubleshooting and testing to ensure workflows are functioning as required.RequirementsFluency in English      language Proficiency in Microsoft Office Experience with Python, R, or similar programming languages Proficiency with SQL Three (3) or more years of backend data service development or data engineering Three (3) or more years of data center design, development and management Preferred Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Data or Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or Stats, MIS, Data Analytics, Engineering, or a related field obtained through an accredited college or university  Five (5) years of relevant experience Experience with Airflow Mastery of Python and SQL Why join AACSB?We take pride in providing our employees with an inclusive work environment that promotes individual development. Our employees say our benefits, location, flexible work environment, and their colleagues are the primary drivers that attract and keep them with AACSB.BenefitsWe offer a competitive benefit package, including generous vacation, sick and holiday paid time off, health/dental/vision insurance, 403B, short and long-term disability, life insurance, wellness allowance, tuition reimbursement, and a hybrid work environment.

