
Who are we? We are ADDX, the entry point into private markets, and we aim to democratise private market investments. As a team, we strive to build a future where everybody can access financial ecosystems easily, fairly, and safely. We won’t stop until capital flows freely and efficiently so that economic participation is seamless, frictionless, and meaningful.Why join us? · We have built the world’s first fully regulated platform for digital securities, licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).· In 2022, we received USD 58 million in our Pre-Series B funding round.· We are backed by companies such as SGX, Heliconia (a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings) and Development Bank of Japan Inc..We are growing, and we are looking for talented individuals like you to join our team and take us forward at rocket speed towards our future as the leaders of the private market. If you believe in a future of fair financial markets, just like we do, we’ve been waiting for you at ADDX.Responsibilities: ·       Work closely with business users, product managers, downstream applications and source teams for requirement gathering and defining the use case. ·       Work with subject matter experts to understand business processes, end to end data flow and various source system data. ·       Perform exploratory data analysis, data profiling, data mapping and data validation to assure data integrity, accuracy and consistency, identify the root cause of data inconsistencies and process defects, and implement timely corrective actions. ·       Analyse data from established sources (source application, data warehouse, cloud services, excel etc) to develop data marts and identify data patterns, trends.  ·       Create, maintain visualization dashboards/reports using business intelligence tools. Address performance issues of the reports.  ·       Data storytelling to walkthrough the reports, data insights to users.  ·       Collaborate with cross functional team members (data engineers, product managers, operation teams etc) to provide timely support on data insights to help drive business. ·       Involve in the effort estimation, stake holder engagement and process optimizations.  ·       Document the processes, standards, guidelines and best practices for teams utilizing the solution.   Qualifications: ·       Bachelor's degree and above in computer science or analytics related fields.  ·       6+ years of experience working as data analyst in data warehouse field and preferably in financial services domain.  ·       2+ years of experience in creating and maintaining reports/dashboards (preferably using Power BI). Good understanding of design standards like user centric / customer journey/control tower etc.  ·       Strong in SQL and python programming skills. Comfortable in handling large volumes of data.  ·       Experience in collaborating with different business, technical stakeholders and cross functional teams. ·       Working experience in AI / Machine learning is a plus.  ·       Understanding of cloud services (preferably AWS) and agile methodology is an advantage.  ·       Strong sense of ownership and accountability, with good attention to detail.  ·       High resilience and strong verbal, written communication skills.  ·       Self-motivated, willing to learn and adapt quickly to deliver the end results. ·       Passionate about data and strong in analytical thinking, problem solving skills. Due to our limited capacity, we regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.

