
Company DescriptionTrainline is an innovative, tech business with a mission to bring together the world’s rail, coach and other travel services into one simple experience. We aim to make travel easier and more accessible, encouraging people to make more environmentally sustainable travel choices. We’re hugely proud to be the world’s leading independent rail and coach travel platform and rank among the highest-rated travel and ticketing apps globally. Today, we offer our customers travel to thousands of destinations in and across 45 countries in Europe and beyond. That’s more than £3.7 billion in ticket sales annually, and over 90 million visits to our apps and websites each month. In another major milestone, Trainline listed on the London Stock Exchange in June 2019 and is now part of the FTSE 250.Our culture is central to our success. We’re driven to sustain our phenomenal growth from recent years, and this means we’re always working closely and collaboratively to turn our ideas into reality. It’s this sense of pace, innovating and improving pretty much everything we do, that makes Trainline so exciting and unique - we truly believe our work has a genuine impact and will change travel for the better.Job DescriptionThe Commercial Finance team are central to supporting the business through this continued expansion. Headed up by Lizzy Palles-Clark (a Commercial Finance leader in Digital & Technology), the team is laser focused on embedding smarter, more sophisticated, data-driven decisions across Europe. Our comparative advantage is that we learn faster than the competition, and the Commercial Finance insights team is key to driving this discovery cycle. We dig deeper, we think insight not numbers, we articulate complexity clearly and with confidence.As Commercial Finance Insight Analyst, you’ll provide high quality, actionable insight to support our UK Consumer business. You’ll develop strong relationships with businessstakeholders at all levels whilst deep diving into performance drawing on your network within other departments such as Data Science, Marketing and Analytics. Our department is ever evolving, and so you will play an important role in enabling a culture of continuous improvement working closely with the Data team to devise innovative ways to access insight. This is a truly career defining role for someone passionate about the commercial side of Finance and Analytics looking for an opportunity to play an important part in a growing, highly rated, team. In return for your hard work, we’ll provide you with lots of opportunity for progression and, should you choose, we will support you in studying for further qualifications as you play your part in disrupting and defining a product that is changing the way we travel and inspiring millions people all over the world to make more environmentally sustainable travel choices every day.ResponsibilitiesSupporting the business with advice, insight and financial modelling including business plans, post initiative analysis and the generation of new ideasDriving the development of Commercial finance function, taking into consideration new technologies, advising on new ways of working, and taking advantage of continuous improvements in data availabilityOwning weekly performance reporting, including communication/presentation of key findings, spotting opportunities to improve, enrich and automateInvestigating and assisting in the development of new commercial opportunities to drive sales, new products, reduce cost, etcGathering external and internal market information to support across the breadth of the business – new product initiatives, performance marketing and customerCollaborating cross functionally on a wide range of projectsUsing tools such as SQL & Tableau to interpret data and tell a story to the businessQualificationsWe’re looking for creative big thinkers with small egos to achieve our ambitious plans. You’ll bring experience in a commercial or analytical role, and demonstrate a proactive, can-do attitude. We’d prefer you to have worked within a digital, e-commerce, technology or retail environment but we can flex on this given your ability to work with pace and energy within a growth environment.A team player with a ‘roll your sleeves up’ attitude, you’ll be used to thinking laterally to solve problems and challenges, and will have a passion for making meaning out of data. Similarly, it’s vital that you bring an innate ability to distil and communicate results of complex analysis clearly and effectively to all levels of the business.Working independently within tight deadlines, you’ll have the ability to think creatively to identify and enhance both commercial and customer-oriented opportunities. It would be a bonus if you bring experience of modelling or an understanding of broader analytical techniques, some experience using SQL will be essential for this role.Additional InformationWe value open expression at Trainline, we believe it’s the diversity of experience, backgrounds and perspectives of our employees that makes us who we are. We encourage everybody to play a part in changing the way people travel across the world.

