
ABOUT THE ROLE
The AI Platform team at Peloton is looking for a full stack engineer to build an interactive data management web application that allows teams to access, label and QA training data for all our computer vision tasks. In this role you will work closely with other software engineers, data managers and Machine Learning engineers to understand the client needs and build features that support all aspects of the data management lifecycle necessary for ML tasks. They will have a unique opportunity to build applications that manage one of the largest fitness related datasets that drives the ML development of our current as well as future connected platforms at Peloton. We’re looking for someone who’s excited about the challenges of data management at scale that defines the future of connected fitness. 
To be successful you will need a combination of problem-solving, technical, and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle a mix of disparate tasks which will include project and software development work. 
YOUR DAILY IMPACT AT PELOTON
 Integrate vendor applications that allows teams to QA and label data for ML training needs. 
 Develop new client-facing features that support data management lifecycle. 
Promote constant refactoring, pair programming, iterative development, and other industry best practices such as CI/CD, test automation, logging, and monitoring in order to ensure confidence in our release process. 
 Write understandable, well tested code and libraries with an eye towards maintainability and scalability. 
 Active engagement in technical discussions during architecture meetings, code reviews, and task breakdown. 
 Help to evolve our system, organically without over-engineering, promoting simplicity and working software. 
YOU BRING TO PELOTON
 2+ years of experience with Python and JavaScript/Django and a strong programming background. 
 2+ years of experience with common AWS technologies like SQS, S3, MWAA etc. 
Experience with developing and deploying containerized microservices into cloud environments. 
 Understanding test driven development and experience with Jenkins in building out CI/CD pipelines.
Interested in picking up new tools/technologies required for development.
Capacity to work in high growth, fast-paced environments, and can adapt to change.
Base Salary: $171,600.00  to $205,920.00
The base salary range represents the low and high end of the anticipated salary range for this position based at our New York City headquarters. The actual base salary offered for this position will depend on numerous factors including individual performance, business objectives, and if the location for the job changes. Our base salary is just one component of Peloton’s competitive total rewards strategy that also includes annual equity awards and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan as well as other region-specific health and welfare benefits.
As an organization, one of our top priorities is to maintain the health and wellbeing for our employees and their family. To achieve this goal, we offer robust and comprehensive benefits including:
Medical, dental and vision insurance 
Generous paid time off policy
Short-term and long-term disability
Access to mental health services
401k, tuition reimbursement and student loan paydown plans
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Fertility and adoption support and up to 18 weeks of paid parental leave 
Child care and family care discounts
Free access to Peloton Digital App and apparel and product discounts
Commuter benefits and Citi Bike Discount
Pet insurance and so much more!
#LI-Hybrid
#LI-JS2ABOUT PELOTON:
Peloton is the leading interactive fitness platform globally, with a passionate community of nearly 7 million Members in the US, UK, Canada, Germany, and Australia. Peloton makes fitness entertaining, approachable, effective, and convenient, while fostering social connections that motivate its Members to commit to their fitness journeys. An innovator at the nexus of fitness, technology, and media, Peloton reinvented the fitness industry by developing a first-of-its-kind subscription platform that seamlessly combines the best equipment, proprietary networked software, world-class streaming digital fitness and wellness content, and best-in-class fitness experts and Instructors.
Peloton is an equal opportunity employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all of our applicants. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request any accommodations from application through to interview, please email: applicantaccommodations@onepeloton.com
Please be aware that fictitious job openings, consulting engagements, solicitations, or employment offers may be circulated on the Internet in an attempt to obtain privileged information, or to induce you to pay a fee for services related to recruitment or training. Peloton does NOT charge any application, processing, or training fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. All genuine job openings will be posted here on our careers page and all communications from the Peloton recruiting team and/or hiring managers will be from an @onepeloton.com email address. 
If you have any doubts about the authenticity of an email, letter or telephone communication purportedly from, for, or on behalf of Peloton, please email applicantaccommodations@onepeloton.com before taking any further action in relation to the correspondence.
Peloton does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Agencies should not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Peloton employees or any other organization location. Peloton is not responsible for any agency fees related to unsolicited resumes.

