
We’re seeking a Product Manager to join us in our mission to improve human health and quality of life through the design, distribution, and application of cutting-edge machine learning methods. Currently, these methods include automated small molecule supervised learning, generative molecular design, and a machine learned atomistic molecular forcefield.
As a member of the Machine Learning team, you’ll work with both methods researchers and small molecule designers to imagine and design user experiences to leverage machine learning methods. This position offers the opportunity to influence Schrödinger’s business direction and scientific functionality by bridging gaps between technical, scientific, and commercial realms.
Who will love this job:
A small molecule drug discovery familiar who’s excited to create the next generation of enterprise tools in global pharma
A project management veteran who’s looking to learn more about the business behind small molecule discovery
A collaborative drug discovery software developer with a cheminformatics or computational chemistry focus who can bring real-world experience with the use of computational tools for identifying novel chemical matter
What you’ll do:
Evangelize internal and external groups regarding machine learning methods and development at Schrödinger
Own future design of DeepChem/AutoQSAR, Schrödinger’s desktop automated small molecule-supervised learning solution
Facilitate iterative feedback from customers as well as our internal drug discovery group
Collaborate with engineers, scientists, and customer-facing teams on the optimal implementation of product designs
What you should have:
Extensive experience in the small molecule drug discovery process, ideally from a software perspective, or experience in developing cheminformatics-based drug discovery software
A collaborative spirit and interest in continuing to evolve the field of integrative technologies supporting the drug discovery process
Familiarity with QSAR/QSPR modeling in small molecule design
Pay and perks:
Schrödinger understands it’s people that make a company great. Because of this, we’re prepared to offer a competitive salary, stock options, and a wide range of benefits that include healthcare (with dental and vision), a 401k, pre-tax commuter benefits, a flexible work schedule, and a parental leave program. We have catered meals in the office every day, a company culture that is relaxed but engaged, and over a month of paid vacation time.  Our Administrative and Human Resources departments also plan a myriad of fun company-wide events. New York is home to our largest office, but we have teams all over the world. Schrödinger is honored to have been selected as one of Crain's New York Best Places to Work for the past three years running.
 
Sound exciting? Apply today and join us!
 
As an equal opportunity employer, Schrödinger hires outstanding individuals into every position in the company. People who work with us have a high degree of engagement, a commitment to working effectively in teams, and a passion for the company's mission. We place the highest value on creating a safe environment where our employees can grow and contribute, and refuse to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious belief, sex, age, disability, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, partnership status, caregiver status, sexual and reproductive health decisions, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic. To us, "diversity" isn't just a buzzword, but an important element of our core principles and key business practices. We believe that diverse companies innovate better and think more creatively than homogenous ones because they take into account a wide range of viewpoints. For us, greater diversity doesn't mean better headlines or public images - it means increased adaptability and profitability.

