
Every day, the world gets more digital thanks to tens of millions of developers building the future faster than ever. But with exponential growth comes exponential risk, as outnumbered security teams struggle to secure mountains of code. This is where Snyk (pronounced “sneak”) comes in. Snyk is a developer security platform that makes it easy for development teams to find, prioritize, and fix security vulnerabilities in code, dependencies, containers, and cloud infrastructure — and do it all right from the start. Snyk is on a mission to make the world a more secure place by empowering developers to develop fast and stay secure.Our Opportunity
The Data Products team at Snyk is responsible for ensuring Application Security professionals have actionable analytics to reduce their risk. We’re looking for a driven and team-oriented individual to join us as a Data Analytics Intern. 
In this role, you will report into one of our Directors of Product Management, and work closely with data engineers on projects related to data and prototyping analysis. 
You’ll Spend Your Time:
Working with example cybersecurity data sets
Writing and reviewing SQL queries to answer security questions or surface baseline data for explorations
Building visualizations with tools (i.e. Looker)
Prototyping and analysis using Google Sheets
Building presentations to display findings and results 
Collaborating with engineers and product managers to understand the domain
Assisting in the troubleshooting of unexpected results or data errors
What You’ll Need:
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in data science, computer science, or statistics with a target graduation date in 2025 or 2026 
Current and future authorization to work in the United States
Able and willing to work out of our Boston office at least 3 days per week 
Familiarity with Google Sheets and SQL, and an excitement for working with data 
Strong problem solving skills and a self-starter mentality 
Ability to work both independently and in a team environment 
To embody Snyk’s company values: One Team, Ship It, Care Deeply, Think Bigger, and Learn Always
#LI-JD1We care deeply about the warm, inclusive environment we’ve created and we value diversity – we welcome applications from those typically underrepresented in tech. If you like the sound of this role but are not totally sure whether you’re the right person, do apply anyway!
About Snyk
Snyk is committed to creating an inclusive and engaging environment where our employees can thrive as we rally behind our common mission to make the digital world a safer place. From Snyk employee resource groups, to global benefits that help our employees prioritize their health, wellness, financial security, and a work/life blend, we aim to support our employees along their entire journeys here at Snyk.
 
 
 
Benefits & Programs
Prioritize health, wellness, financial security, and life balance with programs tailored to your location and role.
Flexible working hours, work-from home allowances, in-office perks, and time off for learning and self development
Generous vacation and wellness time off, country-specific holidays, and 100% paid parental leave for all caregivers
Health benefits, employee assistance plans, and annual wellness allowance
Country-specific life insurance, disability benefits, and retirement/pension programs, plus mobile phone and education allowances

