
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionNew Payment Flows (NPF) division’s charter is to capture new sources of money movement through card and non-card flows, including Visa Business Solutions, Government Solutions and Visa Direct which presents an enormous growth opportunity. Our team brings payment solutions and associated services to clients around the globe.  Our global clients and partners deploy our solutions to serve the needs of Small Businesses, Middle Market Clients, Large Corporate Clients, Multi Nationals and Governments. The Visa Business Solutions (VBS) and Visa Government Solutions (VGS) team is a world-class technology organization experiencing tremendous, double-digit growth as we expand products into new payment flows and continue to grow our core card solutions. This is an incredibly exciting team to join as we expand globally.B2B Acceptance is part of Visa Business Solutions vertical of Visa’s Technology organization. We are responsible for designing, developing and implementing Virtual Cards, payables and acceptance commercial platforms to drive incremental revenue. We develop new offerings/products and enhance existing Visa Business Solutions product lines including Commercial data processing, B2B payables & B2B Acceptance platforms. We are looking for full stack engineers to join our B2B Acceptance team as Sr. Data Engineer  based in Atlanta, GA.What You Will Do as Sr. Data Engineer:Design, Code, Unit Test, document and implement new applications & as well as existing programs.Contribute to enhancements and changes to existing B2B applications codebase.Develop code that complies with design specifications and meets security and Data Modeling, Hadoop, Java/J2EE best practices. Coding must adhere to all standards for security, be easily maintainable and have high system performance.Collaborate with Development & QA staff on individual and team deliverables.Comfortable working in a loosely structured, fast-paced organization.Create documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance  . Identify opportunities for future enhancements and refinements to standards, best practices and development methodologies.Work closely with project team and other groups (e.g. Network, QA, Ops, Engineering).Work as a member of a team responsible for designing, developing and maintaining Visa's Business Solutions B2B Acceptance line of products.Participate in design and code review sessions as appropriate, to ensure the quality of work delivered by self and teammates are in accordance with development standards.Interact with business units to define requirements/modifications and use case to utilize in designing appropriate solutions.This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.QualificationsBasic Qualifications:2 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD)Preferred Qualifications:3 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or more than 2 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) in an engineering/quantitative field such as Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, etc.Proven knowledge of successful design, architecture and development using Big Data Hadoop, J2EE and Spark with large data volumes and transaction systemsPossesses a deep understanding of benefits/drawbacks of different integration patternsContinuous delivery and Dev Ops experience - infrastructure automation, monitoring, logging, auditing and security implementation and practicesKnowledge of NoSQL databases (e.g. HBASE and Cassandra) technologiesExperience with GIT/Stash, Maven and JenkinsExperience in Python, HBase, Kafka is a big plusExperience in MySQL, Oracle or IBM DB2 on AIX, Unix or Linux platformAbility to solve complex software development/design issuesAbility to write clean, coherent code following established coding guidelinesStrong interpersonal, facilitation, and effective communication skills (both written and verbal) and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise wayExperience developing as part of Agile/Scrum team is preferredPassionate about delivering zero defect code that meet or exceed the proposed defect SLA and have high sense of accountability for quality and timeliness of deliverablesAbility to deliver on multiple projects & manage priorities based on changing directionsHighly driven, resourceful and results orientedDemonstrated ability to lead and navigate through ambiguityPast experience in Payments or B2B products is preferredAdditional InformationVisa has adopted a COVID-19 vaccination policy to safeguard the health and well-being of our employees and visitors. As a condition of employment, all employees based in the U.S. are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is approved or as otherwise required by law.Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is 103,400.00 to 131,800.00 USD, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.

