
Company DescriptionCermati is a financial technology (fintech) startup based in Indonesia. Cermati simplifies the process of finding and applying for financial product by bringing everything online so people can shop around for financial products online and can apply online without having to physically visit a bank.Our team hailed from Silicon Valley Tech companies such as Google, Microsoft, LinkedIn and Sofi as well as Indonesian startups such as Doku, Touchten. We have graduates from well known universities such as Universitas Indonesia, ITB, Stanford, University of Washington, Cornell and many others. We are building a company with the same culture of openness, transparency, drive and meritocracy as Silicon Valley companies. Join us in our cause to build a world class fintech company in Indonesia.Job DescriptionThe candidate should be able to design high performance, maintainable, extensible software architectures to solve abstract business problems. Here are some example business problems:"We want to reduce the time for productionizing experimental machine learning features to 1 day""We want to completely automate the credit approval process while maintaining an accuracy of >90% when compared with manual approval"They should be able to translate the high level design into a series of tasks that can be executed by other software engineers working in parallelThe high level designs are usually design documents consisting of relevant block diagrams, UML diagrams meant to be consumed by other engineering leaders and software engineersThey must be able to work with international teams effectively. They will be required to communicate with:Clients who may not necessarily be software engineers (marketing teams, business development team etc)Software engineers and tech leads to communicate the design in a simple yet accurate language without compromising details.They would be leading a team of talented but possibly inexperienced engineers who will look to you for mentorship. In a typical day, candidates would be spending10% of the time project management, 20% of the time doing code review and mentorship, 20% of the time coding (evaluating technologies, doing PoC, etc) 50% of the time requirement gathering, high level design, low level design, roadmap etcIn summary, We are looking for candidates with a “tech first” approach. Candidates must be first and foremost technically strong. They would need experience of people management as a secondary requirement.QualificationsThe following technical skills would be useful:Candidates must be able to understand the trade off between performance, simplicity, maintainability and timeline constraints when developing software solutionsShould have a minimum of 4+ yrs of experience in data engineering. Strong hands on experience in java, python is required. Must have shipped multiple projects with a major hands on contribution to each project.Experience in Big data technologies: hadoop ecosystem (map reduce, spark, kafka)Experience in different storage technologies: OLTP like postgres, OLAP like redshift, Google bigquery, NoSQl like redis, hbase, kafkaFamiliarity with machine learning algorithms and concepts (gradient descent, logistic regression) and software libraries like pandas, tensorflow, etc 

