
Company DescriptionVention helps some of the most innovative manufacturing companies automate their production floor in just a few days. Vention's online-first manufacturing automation platform (MAP) enables its clients to design, automate, order, and deploy manufacturing equipment directly from their web browser.Vention is headquartered in Montreal, Canada, with offices in Berlin and Boston, and is used in over 3,000 factories on 5 continents. In May 2022, with over 380 employees, Vention announced the closing of $95M USD in Series C funding, which will be used to grow Vention's go-to-market strategy, expand the company's global distribution footprint, and accelerate the development of its hardware and software platform.Job DescriptionAs a computer vision developer at Vention, you will have the opportunity to work on 2d and 3d vision pipelines composed of multiple steps like stereo camera calibration, robot hand-eye calibration, point cloud processing, shape detection, object recognition, deep neural network model training and integration, gpu optimization, video streaming and recording, and dynamic user interface.  You will also interact with the various teams in Vention to integrate your work when adding new functionalities.More specifically, you will :Develop Jupyter Notebook to prototype new ideas.Use PCA, SVD, Eigenvalues/EigenVectors.Develop vision algorithms targeted for embedded systems.Control the robots with the vision algorithms.Ensure high accuracy and repeatability of measurements.Develop test procedures to improve the quality and robustness of our applications.Collaborate with various teams (3D, Cloud, quality, etc.).QualificationsQualificationsFluency in at least one major programming language (for example Javascript, Python, C++).Knowledge of 3D mathematics.  Homogeneous matrix, Eigen decomposition,...Familiar with one computer vision library (OpenCV, PCL, Open3D, GStreamer, …)Understanding of WebAssemblyFamiliar with video/streaming: H.264, RTP, Mpeg-Dash, WebRTC.Understanding of convolution neural networkGreat autonomy to push projects from start to finish.Passion for new challenges and working in a fast-paced environmentUnderstanding of concepts of distributed systems and the associated technical challenges (embedded and cloud/web).Additional Information
Our culture is an uplifting environment for high achievers. The fast-paced, high-performance environment will give you the opportunity to build products, processes and strategies that will have a lasting impact.
When you join Vention, you join a team of professionals with a diverse variety of experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives. Together, we strive to nurture a supportive and inclusive work environment for all.
We’re passionate about helping you do your best work. Claim your seat and find out what you can do!
Vention is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.

