
Great team, supportive management, excellent career opportunity Interesting & exciting data analysis, BI & reporting role Auckland, Wellington or Christchurch location with WFH flexibility Exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst who likes to tell a story with the data and really understand the clients’ requirements. Great team, supportive management, excellent career opportunity Interesting and exciting data analysis, BI and reporting role Auckland, Wellington or Christchurch location with flexibility to work from home  Relevant industry experience in a similar work environment in professional services or a technical analytical team Experience in delivering operational and financial analyses, including complex data transformations and visualisations Experience in leading analytical and visualisation tools, such as Alteryx, Python, Power BI and Tableau Sound knowledge and experience in data modelling and analysis techniques Experience developing informative visualisations and developing dashboards and BI tools  Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills Highly organised and systematic in your approach Relevant tertiary qualification  About our company Grant Thornton New Zealand is a member of an ambitious global organisation providing audit, tax, and advisory services to dynamic organisations to unlock their potential for growth. Our proactive teams led by approachable partners use insights, experience, and instinct to understand complex issues for privately owned, publicly listed and public sector clients.  Our collaborative culture means we share ideas as well as the responsibility for making them happen, and our fresh thinking and agile working helps businesses, communities, and our people to flourish. About our Data analytics capability Our clients are increasingly collecting more and larger datasets and are wanting insights to improve their performance. We have developed several data analytics-driven services to give our clients insights from their data and are utilising this capability to support our wider Consulting services that combine our qualitative subject matter expertise and quantitative insights. The team has seen significant growth in our services and are seeking an additional Data Analyst to complement this growing capability within the team.About the role This is a great chance to learn from some of our experienced Partners and Directors in a mid-tier firm with a global and national presence.  With loads of variety and interesting work, this is a client facing role understanding their reporting and analytics requirements with the effective use of data science and analysis techniques.  Leverage your passion for learning, data, scale and use your strong collaboration skills and ability to ask the right questions, extract valuable insights from multiple highly complex data sets and achieve deliver actionable insights. About Our Culture At Grant Thornton we are committed to growing authentic and inclusive leaders who create a vibrant and innovative working environment that inspire and engage our people to perform to their potential. Our collaborative teams enjoy working together and ensure they are constantly learning, exceeding client requirements and expectations as a result.  Our Partners are down to earth, approachable, and recognise and reward achievements of the team and individuals. We enable our team members to be themselves at work and match drive and commercial acumen with further opportunities to learn and advance. We will provide technical mentorship to help both professional and technical development.BenefitsWe offer a competitive remuneration package, a day to volunteer, flexible working arrangements, discounted gym or sports memberships and on-going professional development.Apply today and be more with Grant Thornton!

