
Our mission at Netguru is to help entrepreneurs and innovators shape the world through beautiful software. We care about trust, taking ownership, and transparency. As a Certified B Corporation®, we offer a safe, inclusive and productive environment for all team members, and we’re always open to feedback. If you want to work from home and be a full time employee, great! We want to create the right opportunities for you.We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer who would like to join one of our projects, and develop a durable relationship with our client - a software house that focuses on cloud-native managed services. Required skills: 3+ years of experience in Data Engineering or 4+ years in Software Engineering; strong skills in open source stack (Kafka, Spark, Airflow, noSQL databases engines), commercial experience in Python, knowledge of the big data stack We offer: 100% remote work, flextime & flexplace, dev-friendly processes, long-term collaboration.RequirementsApply if you have:Have 3+ years of experience in Data Engineering or 4+ years in Software Engineering, Are advanced in Python programming (good knowledge of OOP, iterators, generators, lambda functions, data structure, and Python ecosystem tools for code quality), Have worked with open-source stack (Kafka, Spark, Airflow, noSQL databases engines) Have worked with the big data stack  Joining Netguru as a Senior Data Engineer on this project means:working with an experienced team; 100% remote work – we've developed a perfect remote work culture; processes based on the Scrum and Agile methodologies; dev-friendly processes such as Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Code Review, and bug bashes; continuous development of your hard and soft skills. BenefitsIn return, we offer:100% remote, flexible work; work with an experienced team of developers and continuous development of your hard and soft skills; dev-friendly processes such as Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Code Review, and bug bashes; long-term collaboration on challenging products (FinTech, B2B software, E-commerce, and more). What will happen next?If your application meets our requirements you will be invited for a short meeting with the recruiter - we will be happy to get to know you and tell you more about us! The next step is a technical interview with one of our Data Engineers (you may be asked to solve a short task before) If everything goes well, we will be happy to welcome you on board! Looking for a full-time job? Check out our Career Page and find out more about our open recruitment processes.If you need any disability-related adaptation at any step of the recruitment process – simply let the recruiter know! We'd be happy to help.

