
Company DescriptionTransforming businesses, driving success: SmarTek21
SmarTek21 is an IT services company founded in 2006 with a vision to empower organizations to excel in a data-driven world. Our team of technology and business experts understood that data had become a strategic asset that could drive business strategy and improve customer engagement. We started off by providing consulting and development services in Microsoft technologies, but as the world evolved, so did we. Today, we offer a wide range of services that include Agile Dev/Ops, Data Engineering & Analytics, Testing Automation & Support, and Managed Application and Infrastructure Services. These services are designed to help organizations transform into digital enterprises that can thrive in a data-driven world. We specialize in integrating technologies from various disciplines into holistic solutions, making digital transformations seamless for our clientsJob DescriptionSmarTek21 is looking for a hands-on Big Data Solution Architect to map customer business problems centered around data to reusable end-to-end technology solutions. You will engage over the entire project lifecycle from pre-sales to delivery oversight and will work with both the product organization and the services organization. You will also work closely with the business development team as their point-person and subject matter expert for all things Big Data.  Lastly, you will present to executive audiences, both external and internal.  Qualifications• Strong hands-on experience as a Big Data Architect with a solid design and development background in Java, Scala, or Python.• Expertise in Hadoop and other industry Big Data and Distributed Data Processing frameworks.• Expertise in designing, building, and scaling data platforms big data solutions on premises and on the cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP).• Solid understanding of enterprise strategies for data security and data governance.• Experience in practice development, architecture, and consulting or product development.• Experience delivering data analytics projects and architecture guidelines.• Experience in engaging with enterprise architects. Non-technical Skills:• Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.• Ability to handle ambiguous situations and take trade-off decisions.• Strong problem solving and analytical skills to break down complex problems into smaller components.• Ability and willingness to perform in a team environment.Requirements: • Understand prospect/customer/partner technology landscape.• Devise, document, and present solution approaches (based on current offerings, and as appropriate, reference architecture) that balance risk, organizational maturity and appetite for modernization, budget, and technical innovation.• Ensure requirements, constraints, assumptions, and tradeoff decisions are traceable, and wherever possible, solutions scale across multiple customers/partners.• Drive agreement among internal and external stakeholders on proposed technology solutions based on customer priorities, requirements, and constraints.• Collaborate with the engineering team to create proof-of-concepts (POCs).• Collaborate with the engineering team to convert POCs into pilots and then into full-blown implementations following design, build, and deployment best practices.• Demonstrate business value of proposed solutions or current products to prospects and customers.Salary Range: $200,000-$215,000 (may be subject to change outside of WA State)Additional InformationWhat Is in It for You:Paid Time off – start with 15 days accrued paid time off (PTO) a year. PTO days increase with years of service.
Paid Holidays - 8 paid holiday a year in addition to your PTO.
Health Insurance for FT employees – we pay 100 % premium of medical, dental and vision.
Health Insurance for FT employee’s family – we pay 50% of premium for medical, dental and vision for dependents.
401(k) – we administer 401(K) retirement contribution for FT employees.
Life Insurance/Short Term and Long-Term Disability – at no cost to you
Opportunities for internal promotions/career advancement
Family friendly work hours (closed on weekends and paid holidays)SmarTek21 is an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, State, or local protected class.

