
Canva’s Commitment and MissionAt Canva, we celebrate diversity. We deeply believe that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key to building the best product, team and company.Our mission at Kaleido as part of Canva is to empower the world to design with AI and to democratize visual AI by creating easy-to-use visual AI tools for individuals and businesses of all sizes, enjoyed by more than 100+ million monthly users from 200+ countries.Our engineering team's tag-line: “We fail fast” - Dynamic processes, implementing new ideas, trying, failing, and improving rapidly. The world of tech is ever-evolving, and so are we. In this role, you'll be in a key position to make our ambitious goals in the image/layout generation space happen. By using cutting-edge graphics and AI/ML techniques, you'll help deliver an incredible AI-powered content generation experience to our users. Talking about users ... With us, you work on a huge scale: our global design community has created 15 billion designs in Canva, and your work will impact the life of more than 115 Million monthly Canva users. 
Tasks
Work on generative AI models that will be used by more than 115 million users every month and make a global impact.Focus on research and stay on top of the rapidly evolving state-of-the-art within image and layout generation space. Reading papers and following the machine learning community discussing these papers is a key part of your job.Study best practices, develop untried approaches, work on prototypes and evaluate performance.Experiment on large-scale cloud infrastructure with high-end hardware.Analyze data sources, and generate, collect, and prepare data with commercial licensing in mind.Set up data augmentation pipelines and perform hyperparameter searches to build production-ready AI solutions.Requirements
You have at least a Master's (ideally Ph.D.) degree in Computer Science (or similar), focusing on machine learning & published papers in peer-reviewed journals.You have a solid understanding of computer vision, especially the concepts of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), transformers, and diffusion models. Proficiency with the following technologies is required to be set up for success in this position: Deep learning frameworks (Pytorch gives bonus points, other frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras, Theano, Mxnet), Python 3, Numpy, OpenCV, Docker & Kubernetes. You are inspired by the rapidly evolving state-of-the-art in the visual AI space, and staying on top of it is one of your key motivations.You have a strong sense of ownership and are eager to find and develop novel solutions to challenging problems proactively.You are a strong communicator and a team player and are eager to work together with your colleagues to brainstorm ideas.Benefits
Work in one of the fastest-growing visual AI startups in Austria, surrounded by like-minded people. Our visual AI products are industry-leading solutions that are easing the life of more than 25 million people globally every month.We are a part of the Canva family. Our collaboration with teams around the globe supercharges our work to empower the world to design. Canva’s success story is unique - and you benefit from it by participating in the company stock option program.Join an international team in Vienna (more than 70 people from 25 nationalities) and collaborate with lots of smart, like-minded people who love to ship quickly, and you get to know the space of visual AI. Watch this video to learn more about our engineering organization.You will have a flexible work schedule of 38.5h/week and a no-all-in contract. Work remotely, from our office located in Vienna's 3rd district, or mix-and-match. We can easily find an option that works best for you and Kaleido.We care about our employees, and we believe mental health should be a priority, just like taking care of our bodies and staying in shape. We provide mental health support through an online platform specialized in professional counseling.Your lunch and your commute with Wiener Linien are on us. You can also find unlimited snacks, coffee, and beverages in our office.You receive a yearly allowance for professional education & personal well-being as well as additional leave days for volunteering.We organize regular (international) events at the company & team levels to foster team bonding.We are required by law to state the minimum salary for this position, which is EUR 55,000 gross per year. We pay competitive salaries - depending on your qualifications and experience - and you also get to participate in the company’s stock option program.We look for many different skills and abilities, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. So, even if you don’t think you quite meet all of the skills listed or tick all the boxes, we’d still love to hear from you! Join us and design your future.

