
Company DescriptionTIDAL is a global music and entertainment streaming platform committed to creating a deeper connection between artists and fans through its library of more than 80 million songs, over 350,000 high quality videos, and available in over 60 countries. In addition, TIDAL offers its subscribers exclusive access to high-profile music and music videos, original content series, podcasts, documentaries, livestream concerts, tickets, merchandise and live experiences. Together, TIDAL and Block will be music-obsessed and artist-focused while we explore new artist tools, listener experiences, and access to financial systems that help artists be more successful.Job DescriptionData is an integral part of TIDAL’s success, and the Business Intelligence team provides the ability for our company to deliver several key initiatives. We are hiring a Senior Data Engineer who will lead the efforts to deliver data products that improve the decision-making capabilities in shaping the future of TIDAL. You will be responsible for collecting data about TIDAL’s performance, interpreting that data to identify problem areas and areas of improvement, then sharing that information with others. You will collaborate with several stakeholders, including executives across key disciplines such as Marketing, Product, and Finance & Strategy. The ideal candidate will have both hands on and leadership experience in data engineering. Responsibilities:You will lead the technical implementation of data projects within our Data Lakehouse, Business Intelligence reporting solution across TIDAL.You will review and verify customer data, direct the dissemination of data to the data lakehouse, and establish policies and protocols for the collection and examination of data. You will also manage and lead medium to large cross functional technology data projects such as introducing a new self-service model for stakeholders to access and use data. You Will:Provide technical leadership for TIDAL data projectsContinuously streamline and improve processes related to the service delivery area.Collaborate with the Business, Marketing, Finance, and external stakeholders to identify, establish scope and implement solutions that support the company’s growth, scalability, and overall success.Perform stakeholder management to gather and document data warehouse and reporting requirements to ensure development work meets business objectivesBe an expert in the business’ need for data - understand how it informs their strategy and use that knowledge to deliver new insights.Provides services and data support, from data lakehouse to business insights, including the data pipelines and analytics systems Partner with our data partners such as the decentralized analytics teams to help them discover new data solutions, support the development of data products, and promote data best practices.Serves the needs of data producers by providing a seamless integration for event data and change data capture. Assists data owners to publish and monitor data streamsOwns the data lakehouse and manage the unified data storage for all teamsEnsures that all data is compliant with GDPR, CCPA, and PIIQualifications5+ years of data science, statistics, engineering, business, management information systems, or computer science experienceKnowledge of database and data warehousing cloud technologies (Databricks, Redshift, Snowflake, AWS RDS, and S3)Proven experience and knowledge of data warehousing and business intelligence, with emphasis on data architecture, sourcing, reporting and analytics through the entire project lifecycleExperience with business analytics products like Looker, ThoughtSpot and TableauDemonstrable understanding of development processes and agile methodologiesExperience with ETL scheduling technologies with dependency checking, such as Airflow or PrefectExperience with Linux/OSX command line, version control software (git) Working experience with PythonExcellent communication skills, particularly when explaining technical matters to less technical co-workersExperience ingesting, managing and troubleshooting web data(events)Additional InformationTo find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

