
Company DescriptionDynatrace exists to make the world’s software work perfectly. Our unified software intelligence platform combines broad and deep observability and continuous runtime application security with the most advanced AIOps to provide answers and intelligent automation from data at an enormous scale. This enables innovators to modernize and automate cloud operations, deliver software faster and more securely, and ensure flawless digital experiences. That is why the world’s largest organizations trust Dynatrace® to accelerate digital transformation. We're an equal opportunity employer and embrace all applicants. Dynatrace wants YOU—your diverse background, talents, values, ideas, and expertise. These qualities are what make our global team stronger and more seasoned. We're fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. Job DescriptionDesign, develops and maintains scalable data pipelines and builds out new integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.Writes unit/integration tests, contributes to engineering wiki, and documents work.Orchestrate integrations and remove dependencies.Provide continuous improvement and exploration of industry standards and technology advancesQualificationsKnowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available serviceExcellent problem solving and troubleshooting skillsProcess oriented with great documentation skillsExcellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer serviceBS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field5+ years of experience with integration platforms and technologies4+ years of Python development experience4+ years of SQL experience4+ years of experience with schema design and dimensional data modelingExperience with Fivetran Custom Connector (big plus), KafkaKnowledge of dbt cloud.Databases/warehouses: Snowflake and Postgres (big plus for Heroku PG)Systems we integrate with: Salesforce, SAP, Totango, Zendesk, JIRA, Concur, NetSuite, Custom API SourcesCloud platforms: AWSAdditional InformationDOE, salary $130K - $160K, plus Health, Dental, Life, STD, LTD, 401K, PTO. Total compensation may vary depending on candidate experience/education and location. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.We offer competitive compensation, company-sponsored premium benefits, medical, dental, vacation/holidays, company matching 401(k) Plan, etc. Dynatrace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities, age, sexual orientation, creed, disability status, veteran status, pregnancy, genetic status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact recruiting@dynatrace.com. Dynatrace participates in E-Verify, participant information in English and Spanish. Right to work information in English and Spanish. EEO is the Law/EEO is the Law Supplement. To be considered for this position, please upload your resume/CV.Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: Dynatrace LLC (Dynatrace) does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any Dynatrace employee. Dynatrace will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of Dynatrace.

