
An exciting and rare opportunity to join a rapidly growing SaaS startup creating systemic change in the world. Provenance is enabling transparency on the social and environmental impact of consumer products. We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer  / Senior Data Engineer to help us build the leading B2B2C SaaS product in supply chain and impact transparency. You will work on engineering problems around platform usability, scalability and data flows, working with some of the world’s leading consumer goods brands and retailers. You will build and maintain a dynamic and extensible platform that helps enterprises connect, evidence and surface supply chain information to create delightful and informative shopper-facing experiences.This is a contract position -  for an initial 3 months, which may extend to 6 months. Working as a Senior Software Engineer / Senior Data Engineer  at Provenance you will:Develop high-quality, scalable, and maintainable software. Design, build and maintain data pipelines and infrastructure, using Databricks and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Be involved throughout the product life cycle, from idea generation, design, and prototyping to execution, and shipping. Provide technical leadership and help influence product strategy: refining the system architecture, helping to define product features, and using best practice to enable the best quality end product. Collaborate closely with technical and non-technical counterparts to understand our customers' problems and build products that solve them. Work with customers and the account team where required on product demos, technical integration and implementation Proactively look for ways to improve our processes, software quality and maintainability. Continually build on your skillset to apply the best technology to solve a given problem. RequirementsAbout youYou’re looking for a role that brings purpose to your day job. You believe in the potential for technology to help solve systemic challenges and enable positive change for people and planet. You have a strong track record of designing and building software systems using agile methodologies.Here’s what we’re looking for:Experience with developing software with ideally two of the following bullets (the more, the better!):Ruby (ideally including experience with Ruby on Rails) Python JavaScript  Experience with data engineering and cloud infrastructure tools (such as Databricks, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure or Google Cloud (GCP).  Experience designing and architecting scalable, web-based systems that solve real business problems. Good understanding of the various architectures and components of modern, scalable web application stacks. You will need to be able to communicate complex technical concepts and solutions to team-mates, and occasionally customers and our wider engaged community of organisations and individuals. Experience working in lean, iterative ways to create software from the ground up. The technologyOur technology is based around a Ruby on Rails app combined with a mix of JavaScript and Preact on the frontend for blockchain integrity and user experience.  Our stack currently includes:Ruby on Rails, JavaScript/Typescript, Preact, StimulusJS, Webpack, Node, Solidity. Databricks, Circle CI, Heroku, AWS, GitHub. We favour open-source technologies, write tests and run continuous integration, and review each other’s code through pull requests. Ideally, you would be familiar with some of these technologies or similar patterns, however we are more interested in your ability to write clean, effective code and learn new languages quickly than of specific tools or libraries. Our software is constantly evolving, so we need engineers who are also looking to apply the best technology to solve a given problem.BenefitsWhy work at Provenance? A career at Provenance is an opportunity to help tackle some of our greatest global challenges every day.  Provenance powers sustainability claims you can trust. As the global leader in sustainability marketing technology, we help brands and retailers share credible, compelling and fact-checked social and environmental impact information at the point of sale. Provenance’s technology is already increasing conversion rates, brand value and market share for customers including Cult Beauty, Douglas, Urban Decay, The Ordinary, Glow Recipe and Summer Fridays. Our vision is a world where citizens can make informed buying decisions that positively impact both people and planet. We’re a small, open and creative team with expertise in marketing, sustainability and technology and a shared goal to drive positive change for people and the planet. We pride ourselves on operating with integrity and making saving the world through system change fun! We really value and do our best to support our fantastic team. We are proudly Certified B-Corp and a 2021 Escape the City Top 100 winner. Read more on our mission here. We believe in equal opportunities It takes a diverse and inclusive community of passionate, talented and committed people to build a system to enable commerce to be a force for good. We’re an equal opportunity employer, so we welcome applications from people of all backgrounds, with different outlooks and experiences. ‍ To apply please submit your CV and Cover Letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

