
About us:JustPark is one of the fastest growing and most loved technology companies serving the parking and mobility sector. We have over 10 million registered customers and 18 million annual visitors to our digital products. Our unique network of spaces consist of commercial properties, residential driveways and everything in between. We are proud to have earned over £250m of income for our partners and we look forward to continuing to help space owners of all shapes and sizes generate additional income during these difficult financial times. About the role: Reporting to the Head of Commercial Finance you will be a key business partner to the VP of Product and Engineering. You will be the go to person for JustPark’s product data (both web and app) and crucial in helping the product team to optimise product performance and take value accretive steps on product development.  Attention to detail and problem solving skills are key to this role. You will be confident using GA4, Looker and Big Query.RequirementsOwnership of core product performance (app and web):Ensure specifications are appropriately tagged to give visibility of our core product performance Investigate any changes in core product performance and identify root causes of these changes  Identify the impact of problems and and where there are opportunities to optimise product performance Build dashboards to help key stakeholders understand performance  Enabling data driven decision making: Identify and own requirements for tracking and reporting the performance of new product releases  Analyse the results to enable the product managers to take the next steps  Working closely with the commercial finance team to help understand the impact of product initiatives to enable prioritisation  Work closely with marketing to understand key campaigns and the success of these campaigns across our product lines  Knowledge, skills and experience:2-5 years of experience as a product analyst in the e-commerce industry  Experience of working alongside teams outside of product to help marry product performance with other group initiatives (for example marketing releases)  Experience of generating value accretive insight from data (not just creating dashboards)  Proficient in use of Google Analytics 4, Big Query and Looker  BenefitsWe trust you to know what’s needed to get the job done. That's why we work on a hybrid basis (2-3 days in the office per week), and we’ll work with you to make sure you have the right kit and the right environment for you to succeed. Plus we know it's not all about work! Check out some of the great benefits to joining the JustPark team below:Investment in YOU and your wellbeing:Private Medical Insurance in partnership with Vitality. You’ll gain access to their rewards platform with discounts to top retailers including Apple, Peloton and more! Life Assurance in partnership with YuLife Gym membership discounts and fitness rewards Employee Assistance Provider - offering you (and your family) free confidential support and advice (e.g. counselling, legal or financial advice) for when you need it most. 24/7 virtual GP access Simplifying journeys so YOU can breathe easier:Cycle to Work scheme - a highly tax efficient way to purchase your new bike! £50 JustPark parking credit per month Recharge your batteries: FREE restaurant-quality lunch cooked by our very own chef and longest-standing employee (Julie!). Take time out to enjoy lunch with the wider team and check out her repertoire HERE  Taking time off work to relax and recharge is important, that's why we have an generous holiday policy in place. Our family looks out for your family:Childcare benefit in partnership with Koru Kids (up to £100 a month)  Enhanced Maternity and Paternity policies, plus a host of other family-friendly policies Look after the pennies to grow the £££’s!:STOCK OPTIONS: We’re all working hard to multiply the company’s valuation, so you’ll have a share of the pie A salary exchange pension scheme, helping to look out for ‘the future you’. A generous ‘refer a friend’ scheme of £1000 per successful recommendation. Great people tend to know great people, so why not refer them to join for the ride! Success is best when it’s shared! We love sharing in the success, therefore the whole company goes away once a quarter to learn about our goals and have an afternoon of fun team building Each department gets a budget of £50 per head every 6 months - relax and enjoy some time out of work with your colleagues 
