
Our mission is to connect and optimize the world’s commerce. That means the whole world. So we’re determined to nurture our culture of meritocracy where everyone can thrive, no matter what we look like, where we’re from, how we grew up, whom we love, the nature of our faith, or how our bodies or minds work. We’re committed to achieving equity in treatment and opportunity for everyone, where people are judged on the merits and quality of their work. 
It all starts with people. Inside every company, behind every brand­ - while business success is often measured in profit, it has always been powered by people. We firmly believe people are the heart of any organization - including our own. That’s why a career here provides much more than simple pay and perks. We’re dedicated to empowering people, solving tough problems, and helping careers flourish inside and out.  
  
Position Summary: 
The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. This role requires someone who is comfortable working across the organization to guide and support our engineers, data scientists, data analysts and product teams. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of designing our company’s long term cloud data architecture from the ground up to support our products and data initiatives. 
Implement and maintain a data architecture built around automated ingestion, data security, compliance, and governance. 
Implement the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using AWS data primitives. 
Work with stakeholders including the Product, BI and Design teams to assist with data- related technical challenges and support their data infrastructure needs. 
Develop both functional and non-functional requirements. 
Support analytics through tools, processes, and pipelines. 
Build and maintain the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of sources 
Participate in full development life cycle including requirements development, implementation, peer review, source control, automated testing, deployment, and operations 
Drive corporate policies around the evolution and enforcement of industry data standards and best practices 
Mentor other data engineers as well as engineers and business leaders in all aspects of data management, lifecycle, security and compliance. 
  
Requirements: 
Minimum Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science and/or equivalent work experience. 
nalytics skills related to working with both structured and non-structured datasets. 
5+ years experience with AWS cloud services such as SQS, Kinesis, S3, Athena, Redshift. 
5+ years experience with object-oriented scripting languages such as Python, Scala. 
10+ years in leadership roles. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
5+ years working at a SAAS company 
Strong working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing and highly scalable data stores such as Amazon Redshift. 
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. 
Comfortable communicating across all levels of management. 
Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently. 
Excellent analytical, decision-making, and problem-solving skills. 
Proven ability to work in a rapidly changing environment with keen attention to detail. 
  
What it’s like to work at ChannelAdvisor, a CommerceHub Company 
We take a whole-person approach to engage and support our global team. We believe the diversity of our global team is an advantage. If you’re curious, innovative, determined, and customer-focused, then you’ll love the challenge and rewards of collaborating as a team to help our customers win. We offer competitive compensation programs that recognize your hard work and results. Because when our customers win, we win.  And when we win, you win. 
We work to create an environment where everyone who is committed, works hard, and delivers results can thrive and grow. You can connect with one of our employee resource groups and support our diversity, equity and inclusion task force, network with like-minded team members, and showcase your leadership skills.  
  
Benefits:  
Enhanced Private Medical Insurance and a Health Cash Back Plan  
Competitive time off package with 25 Days of PTO, 9 Holidays, 2 Wellness days and 1 Give Back Day 
Flexibility to choose where you work - at home, in the office, or both! 
Access to tools to support your wellbeing such as the Calm App, MoveSpring and an Employee Assistance Program 
Professional development stipend and learning and development offerings to help you build the skills and connections you need to move forward in your career 
Charitable contribution match per team member 
  
ChannelAdvisor, a CommerceHub Company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. 

