
Paragon Cyber Solutions has an immediate opening for those ready for an exciting and dynamic career as a Unit Data Specialist  while supporting joint warfighters and national level leaders across the full spectrum of military operations.ClearanceActive Secret Security Clearance RequiredResponsibilitiesThe Unit Data Specialist will provide on-site and remote end-user support to other SOF DefenseReady users. Specifically, the Unit Data Specialist will focus on:Quick Reference Guides for End-Users. Training to unit personnel on all aspects of the DefenseReadyTM application. Coordination with higher and lower echelons to ensure DefenseReadyTM priority of effort in accordance with Command guidance. Supplement/assist military and government civilians to enter data required for use in DefenseReadyTM. Assist the military and government civilians to develop local DefenseReadyTM related standard operating procedures and business practices within units. Proactively engage and demonstrate the capabilities of DefenseReadyTM. On-Site Incident Support. Build dashboards as requested by units. Maintain lessons learned. Manage users' permissions. Provide on-site support to include, but not limited to, operational issues, training, data insertion/integrity at the unit HQ and their sub-units. Ability to fill in as a Trainer when required. RequirementsThe team member should also have experience in the following:All Microsoft Office products. A strong knowledge of SOF personnel and human resources functions. Developing business processes. Instruction ability. BenefitsHealth Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision). Retirement Plan (401K w/ employer matching). Paid Time Off & 10 Paid Public Holidays. Short and Long-Term Disability. Healthy Work-Life Balance. Training & Development. Why Work For Paragon Cyber Solutions? You want to make a difference. You want to be recognized by name versus being a number. You want to work with a company where you can grow and work in different areas to increase your knowledge/experience. You have an entrepreneurial spirit and need to live it. As a small business, each team member rolls up their sleeves and helps where needed (including our CEO). Our ideal candidate will be comfortable with multi-tasking and prefers working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. You must be adaptable to the needs of a growing business. A Model of Excellence That’s our motto in all we do and what we seek in our team members. Are you a hardworking professional seeking a new opportunity that fosters growth? Look no further! We are a minority, woman, veteran-owned, 8(a), EDWOSB, VOSB, HUBZone certified Tampa, FL-based small business. We pride ourselves on delivering high-quality solutions that help our clients protect the integrity of their business operations.

