
Company DescriptionBlock is one company built from many blocks, all united by the same purpose of economic empowerment. The blocks that form our foundational teams — People, Finance, Counsel, Hardware, Information Security, Platform Infrastructure Engineering, and more — provide support and guidance at the corporate level. They work across business groups and around the globe, spanning time zones and disciplines to develop inclusive People policies, forecast finances, give legal counsel, safeguard systems, nurture new initiatives, and more. Every challenge creates possibilities, and we need different perspectives to see them all. Bring yours to Block.Job DescriptionAs the Finance Data Analyst in the data enablement, you will help establish data-driven decisions, with understanding of the people, process & technology across departments.Insights from data power most decisions at Block. This Finance Data Analyst role will work with partners across finance, product, data engineering, and  infrastructure to analyze data from all parts of our business to power financials made at Block. Our trajectory is defined by the systems, tools, and analytics powered by our team.You will ensure that the business teams make sound financial decisions by providing them reliable and on time data. Whether modeling business scenarios or tracking performance metrics, you will promote strategic company decisions. You will work on multiple projects at a time, focusing on the details while finding creative ways to solve challenges.You will:Identify and design internal process improvements in the finance & strategy organization: designing and developing reports and dashboards, automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, and re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.Develop insights around  important finance and operating metrics that help our business and product teams make strategic decisions.Build predictability and statistical confidence into the growth of our business (both revenue and costs) and continue building a data-driven culture within the finance & strategy organization.Power quick decisions by using our vast datasets (Big Query, Snowflake)Work with engineering partners to design data pipelines that help organize data towards a single source of truth. Partner with Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Operations teams to help resolve broader problems, create growth plans, establish financial and operating targets and determine resource requirements.
 QualificationsYou Have: 4+ years of experience working in product analytics or product data science2+ years of work experience in finance and business analysis with statistical experience in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, engineering, or natural sciences (or equivalent experience)Expert level SQL skillsProficient in Gsheet / Excel (can perform complex functions) and experience with visualization tools, i.e Looker/Tableau or equivalentExperience communicating data-driven insights to leadersExperience in financial analysis and business modeling in the high-tech industryFamiliarity with either Python or R programming languages is a plusExperience with statistical analysis is a plusTools we use:Reporting Tools - Tableau and LookerDatabase - Snowflake, GCP, AWSIntegration Tools - Fivetran, Workato, MulesoftSchedulers - Airflow
 Additional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $125,600 - USD $153,600
Zone B: USD $119,300 - USD $145,900
Zone C: USD $113,000 - USD $138,200
Zone D: USD $106,800 - USD $130,600To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

