
Company DescriptionIt all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic ecosystem, developing unique financial products, including Afterpay, to provide a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our 47 million monthly active customers. We want to redefine the world’s relationship with money to make it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward innovation, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers!Job DescriptionCash App is hiring a Marketing Data Analyst to support day-to-day marketing activities across segments and product verticals for Cash App’s tens of millions of customers. You will help drive our marketing team’s performance through segmentation, personalization and data hygiene, ensuring our holistic end-to-end multichannel campaigns bring customers the information they need, when they need it. You will play an integral part in leading Cash App’s overall digital presence with a unique focus on delivering marketing communications and evolution of related platform technology.You will: Build the data infrastructure that runs customer marketing operations serving tens of millions of Cash App’s customers.Manage data connections, pipelines, ETLs across internal and 3rd party platforms, ensuring fidelity and low latency.Own the nuance of the traits, events and signals used to make recommendations to customers that improve their relationship with money.Drive significant increase in campaign velocity through campaign audience definition, experimentation and reporting.Work directly with engineering, product and analytics/data science stakeholders to define and evolve best-in-class CRM / CDP platforms.Work across an extended range of stakeholders to incorporate novel customer traits, events, signals and personas into our customer marketing strategy.QualificationsYou have:3-5 years experience in business analytics, marketing analytics, data operations or equivalent.3-5 years experience using SQL to manage large, complex data sets.3-5 years experience creating and maintaining data pipelines, ETLs, etc.Experience working with marketing operations in a production at scale environment.Bonus: Experience with customer data platforms including Twilio Segment.Additional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $152,100 - USD $185,900
Zone B: USD $141,500 - USD $172,900
Zone C: USD $133,800 - USD $163,600
Zone D: USD $121,700 - USD $148,700To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

