
Company DescriptionAs the preferred partner for window and door automation, Somfy is committed to inspiring new and better ways of living for all. Better ways of producing, consuming, and housing that we must imagine together around the world in order to inhabit our planet in a more virtuous and permanent way. Acting for better ways of living means fostering the alliance of a sustainable economic model with environmental protection and self-fulfillment for everyone.As a French, family-owned, and independent group, in continuous growth since our creation, we have been world leaders for 50 years and pioneers in home automation. innovation continuously guides our work and guarantees the excellence of our solutions.We are present in 59 countries, with eight production sites and 17 R&D centers. We are pursuing an ambitious industrial strategy based on “Smart Living” and the value we bring to our customers.We are committed to reducing our environmental footprint every day. Today, more than 60% of our products are eco-designed, and all will be by 2030. At the same time, we have implemented a responsible purchasing policy that prioritizes local suppliers.We are deeply committed to the well-being of our 6,880 employees, we promote their sustainable employability by promoting internal mobility and developing their skills. We foster diversity and inclusion by building on our strong corporate culture.Job DescriptionIn order to support its growth ambition, SOMFY is investing in building its digital capabilities to create more value from digital and data, upgrading its businesses through leading-edge digital and data-driven use cases. ​A Digital Factory will be set up to build a strong competitive advantage by developing our data and digital capabilities. ​The Digital Factory will gather digital talents to support development of innovative solutions based on algorithm and advanced analytics, increase digital capabilities within our teams, adopt new ways of working, (e.g., agile) and overall provide an effective and attractive environment for digital talents and projects at SOMFY.​The Digital Factory will design, build, run, and upgrade somfy’s proprietary digital solutions and deploy solutions in businesses / countries ensuring the right level of localization and adoption.Main mission:In the context of the Digital Factory set up at SOMFY Group, you will be one of the first members of an innovative team dedicated to Digital Value Creation. Mission is to manage a data science team to develop models and tailored made solutions for chosen use cases, using advanced mathematics & visualization techniques to generate value added for the business, in an agile mode and in an evolutive context.Main activities: Build and manage a team of data scientists who will actively contribute to first uses cases of the Digital Value Creation Program alongside the Boston Consulting Group team and an internal team at Somfy. ​Propose and advise new models that answer business pain points using creative thinking​:              1. Designsand implement extensible, modular and maintainable code​              2. Develop home-made data models and algorithms to apply to data sets​Monitor new data technologies market watch ​Support data/IA acculturation within the community​QualificationsAdvanced mathematics​Python (Expert) and/or R​Other Database languages: SQL, noSQL etc.​Entrepreneurial spirit / Start up mode / Creativity/ out of the box​Team Management​Business acumen, excellent communication ​Agile methodology​Additional Information   The protection of our candidates’ personal data is a commitment of Somfy Group. We therefore ask any candidate to submit their application to us exclusively via our secure system, and not by email or postal.La protection des données personnelles de nos candidats est un engagement du Groupe Somfy. Nous demandons donc à tout candidat de nous soumettre sa candidature exclusivement via notre système sécurisé, et non par e-mail ou par courrier postal. 

