
Job DescriptionABOUT THE JOB Our Connect Technology teams are working on our new Connect platform, a unified, global, open data ecosystem powered by Microsoft Azure. Our clients around the world rely on Connect data and insights to innovate and grow.  Rationale :As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll be part of a team of smart, highly skilled technologists who are passionate about learning and supporting cutting-edge technologies such as Azure ML, Docker, Kubernetes, Jupyter, Spark and other Data Science tools. These technologies are deployed using DevOps pipelines leveraging Azure, Kubernetes, Jenkins and Bitbucket/Git.   RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop, troubleshoot, debug and make application enhancements leveraging Python as the core development language  Deploy application components using CI/CD pipelines  Build utilities for monitoring and automating repetitive functions  Collaborate with Agile cross-functional teams - internal and external clients including Operations, Infrastructure, Tech Ops  Participate in a rotational support schedule to provide responses to customer queries and deploy bug fixes in a timely and accurate manner.Qualifications5+ years of applicable experience working with Cloud, Python, and DevOps Technologies including support functions  Must have strong python ecosystem knowledge   Must have docker knowledge   Must have good SQL knowledge   Good Jenkins and knowledge    Working knowledge in Microsoft Azure ecosystem   Good knowledge in REST API  Kubernetes / Ansible Optional   Strong analytical, problem-solving skills and ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly  Excellent English communication skills, with the ability to effectively interface across cross-functional technology teams and the business   Minimum B.S. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field  Additional InformationREQ ID: REF22340DAbout NielsenIQNielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company providing the most complete and trusted view of consumers and markets in 90 countries covering 90% of the world’s population. Focusing on consumer-packaged goods manufacturers and FMCG and retailers, we enable customers to defy what’s possible. How? We combine unparalleled datasets, pioneering technology, and the industry’s top talent to create insights that unlock innovation. Join us and change the landscape.Learn more at: www.niq.comWant to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNielsenIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/

