
Kyowa Kirin is a fast growing global specialty pharmaceutical company that applies state-of-the-art biotechnologies to discover and deliver novel medicines in four areas of unmet need: oncology, nephrology, immunology and CNS/movement disorders. The North America organization includes three offices (in New Jersey and California) that focus on drug discovery, product development, and commercialization. Together, we work as a close-knit team to understand clinical needs and advance innovations that can have a profound impact on patient lives.
As a patient centric organization that strives to deliver innovative medicines to meet unmet needs, we feel that it is critical to follow the safety guidelines defined by CDC and OSHA. We believe the COVID-19 vaccine is the best way to manage COVID risk to you, your colleagues, your family and our society. With that in mind, we are taking the essential step to ensure the safety of our employees during this health crisis by requiring all US employees, temporary workers, agency employees and independent contractors to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, where allowed by state or local law and where vaccine supply is readily available. In accordance with applicable law, individuals may seek an accommodation for medical or disability-related conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs.
Summary:
At Kyowa Kirin we are continuing to leverage emerging and disruptive technologies to improve customer outcomes and drive healthcare goals.  We are looking for a dynamic leader to help introduce innovative solutions that deliver better outcomes to our suite of initiatives.  The candidate will work within our North American commercial team, but also partner with teams across the enterprise including global and regional teams.  They will be a champion introducing applied disruptive tools to business projects.  They will partner with business and technology analytics teams to use the right solutions to gain the required insights.  They will experiment with those teams to pilot solutions to derive unforeseen insights.
Essential Functions:
•    Educate, demonstrate, guide, and enable the application of AI/ML in various company operations and domains•    Act as SME in global project teams to deliver those solutions•    Scope and staff projects, providing guidance, oversight or detailed contributions as required•    Champion the use of advanced data products to drive decision making and automation across the company and at all levels of the organization•    Translate business needs into clearly scoped machine learning projects, and take a hands-on approach to steer solution design and implementation•    Partner with regional and global stakeholders to elevate the technology posture of the enterprise•    Target IoT opportunities to drive outcomes, compliance, or benefits in the commercial and/or development space•    • Support data engineering efforts in the aggregation, detokenization, and analysis of data
Job Requirements:
Experience•    Educate, demonstrate, guide, and enable the application of AI/ML in various company operations and domains•    5+ years programming experience in Python, R, Perl, Java, etc.•    5+ years of development experience in machine learning model creation and execution•    5+ years’ experience with RPA tools•    5+ years of data analytics experience•    A listed record of outcomes using AI/ML algorithms and RPA/BPA solutions, tying those outcomes to business goals•    At least 7 years of partnering cross-functionally with a wide range of stakeholders and cross-functional teams to develop and deploy novel data solutions in production environments•    A passion for making complex technology more accessible and the ability to communicate complex technical topics simply and convincingly to a wide range of audiences•    Experience recognizing and communicating the implications of emerging technologies•    PLUS: Pharmaceutical background, though not required•    PLUS:  software engineering work experience, where responsible for delivering a complete system to production leveraging a DevOps (or MLOps) framework
Technical SkillsProficient in MS Office Suite
KKNA and all of its employees have an obligation to act in accordance with the law and with integrity in all our operations and interactions
It is the policy of Kyowa Kirin North America, Inc. to provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified persons without regard to race, religion, creed, color, pregnancy, sex, age, national origin, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or affection preference or citizenship status or any other category protected by law.
When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected and stored by Kyowa Kirin, Inc. (“Controller”), which is located at 135 Route 202/206, Suite 6, Bedminster, NJ 07921 USA and can be contacted by emailing kkus.talentacquisition.8h@kyowakirin.com. Controller’s data protection officer can be contacted at usprivacyoffice@kyowakirin.com. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Controller’s recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment. 
Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Controller’s behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. The transfer will be made using appropriate additional safeguards under the standard contractual clauses approved by regulators for transfers of personal data outside the European Union.
Your personal data will be retained by Controller as long as Controller determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment.  Under the GDPR, if you are located in the European Union, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability, and to lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority. If you have any questions about our use of your data, you may contact us by email at usprivacyoffice@kyowakirin.com.
Recruitment & Staffing Agencies
Kyowa Kirin does not accept agency resumes unless contacted directly by internal Kyowa Kirin Talent Acquisition. Please do not forward resumes to Kyowa Kirin employees or any other company location; Kyowa Kirin is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
#LI-TT1 #Hybrid

