
Ginkgo Introduction: Our mission is to make biology easier to engineer. Ginkgo is constructing, editing, and redesigning the living world in order to answer the globe’s growing challenges in health, energy, food, materials, and more. Our bioengineers make use of an in-house automated foundry for designing and building new organisms.Team Introduction:On the Data Team, our focus is the strategic application of data science and engineering across the business. We tackle diverse problems that span molecular biology, robotic automation, finance & business strategy, and operations, all in service of supporting data-driven decision-making. We do that through a combination of durable software tools, closely embedded analysts, and side-by-side collaboration with data engineering. Every day we face new technical and scientific challenges that require deep cross-functional collaboration and novel solutions. Success in this evolving field is only possible with teams that represent diverse people, ideas, backgrounds, experiences, and ways of working. Active inclusion is core to how Ginkgo wins. We’re an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals from underrepresented backgrounds to apply. Job Description: As a Data Visualization Engineer, you’ll join a distributed, highly collaborative team composed of data engineers, analysts, and data scientists with a wide range of backgrounds and experiences. You'll partner closely with scientific collaborators from across Ginkgo to develop front-end apps, reusable and interactive visualization components, on-board and train partners, and work with data scientists and engineers to design data-driven software tools. Ideal candidates are self-starters with a strong technical background who can identify opportunities to solve problems with data. Candidates should be curious and eager to learn about both the science and the business, possess analytical skills and reasoning, and excel at storytelling with data. #LI-JH1
Responsibilites
Building data-driven software products that are fit-to-purpose, e.g. embedded visualizations and calls to action in operational software, custom solutions for clients, externally facing tools that tell a biological storyDelivering end-to-end data products, i.e. ability to work across the product lifecycle from exploration and discovery, to operationalization and production Creating incremental value through rapid prototyping and iterative developmentBreaking down complex technical and quantitative topics for audiences with mixed levels of technical expertise; in particular, translating technical and scientific concepts into business outcomes and recommendations is essential for success in this roleStorytelling with data, specifically supporting data-driven decisions with compelling visualizationsTranslating underdefined questions into data-driven tools and processesPresenting work progress, insights, and recommendations to stakeholders and senior leadershipBuilding strong partnerships with collaborators and stakeholders, influencing and collaborating at all organizational levelsWorking effectively on a distributed team and adhering to common hours across time zones.  Minimum Requirements
Successful candidates typically have a bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, or related fields, and 2 to 3 years of industry experience.Must be able to start the day at 10am EST and have familiarity with communication strategies and tactics for managing a distributed teamDeep expertise in a component framework like React, Vue, or Svelte, and experience building D3 chart components in the framework of choiceProfessional knowledge and extensive experience in object-oriented programming as well as functional programming.Software development best practices including story estimation, test-driven development, code review, and version control with git.Fluency and practical experience with data visualization techniques including best practices and ability to rapidly prototype in languages like R, Python, or TableauExperience with SQL, as well as NoSQL data environments and tools such as Hadoop, Spark, DynamoDB is a plusExcellent written and verbal communication skillsStrong technical writer and documenterStrong project management skills including managing complexity and making informed trade-offs to quickly escape rabbit holes and make on-time deliveriesWillingness to grow and work outside your comfort zone, e.g. proactively exploring new tech, identifying new ways to solve problems, and applying pragmatism to drive solutionsPreferred Capabilites and Experience
Applications with a visualization/front-end portfolio are strongly encouragedFamiliarity with biological data, specifically in the context of high-throughput screening is a plusExperience with Agile workflow practices and familiarity with Atlassian tools including Jira, and ConfluenceFamiliarity with communication strategies and tactics for distributed teams is a plusTravel: Minimum requirement of quarterly travel to headquarters in Boston, MA.To learn more about Ginkgo, visit www.ginkgobioworks.com/press/ or check out some curated press below:What is it really like to take your company public via a SPAC? One Boston biotech shares its journey (Fortune)Ginkgo Bioworks resizes the definition of going big in biotech, raising $2.5B in a record SPAC deal that weighs in with a whopping $15B-plus valuation (Endpoints News)Ginkgo Bioworks CEO on scaling up Covid-19 testing: ‘If we try, we can win’ (CNBC)Ginkgo raises $70 million to ramp up COVID-19 testing for employers, universities (Boston Globe)Ginkgo Bioworks Redirects Its Biotech Platform to Coronavirus (Wall Street Journal)Ginkgo Bioworks Provides Support on Process Optimization to Moderna for COVID-19 Response (PRNewswire)The Life Factory: Synthetic Organisms From This $1.4 Billion Startup Will Revolutionize Manufacturing (Forbes)Synthetic Bio Pioneer Ginkgo Raises $290 Million in New Funding (Bloomberg)Ginkgo Bioworks raises $350 million fund for biotech spinouts (Reuters)Can This Company Convince You to Love GMOs? (The Atlantic)We also feel that it’s important to point out the obvious here – there’s a serious lack of diversity in our industry, and that needs to change. Our goal is to help drive that change. Ginkgo is deeply committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion in all of its practices, especially when it comes to growing our team. Our culture promotes inclusion and embraces how rewarding it is to work with people from all walks of life.  We’re developing a powerful biological engineering platform, so we must remain mindful of the many ways our technology can – and will – impact people around the world. We care about how our platform is used, and having a diverse team to build it gives us the best chance that it’s something we’ll be proud of as it continues to grow. Therefore, it’s critical that we incorporate the diverse voices and visions of all those who play a role in the future of biology.It is the policy of Ginkgo Bioworks to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants.

