
What you will do:
Design & develop content such as parsers, Dashboards, and searches for the Sumo Logic platform to provide security detection, monitoring, and analytics capabilities for our customers.
Create the next-generation suite of security monitoring and analytics log & metric applications.
Work with several groups within the company (product management, product engineering, customer service, sales engineering) as well as customers and technical partners.
Package and build content into applications, create automation scripts for these applications via Terraform or CloudFormation based on Sumo Logic’s API.
Manage the application development lifecycle from requirements through development, to QA and public release.
Work closely with product management and engineering teams to improve overall customer experience and product quality.
Required Qualifications, Skills, and Experience:
Fluent written and oral communication in English.
Ability to write regular expressions and SQL queries.
Experience with some of the following: major cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP), automation frameworks (Puppet/Chef), Hadoop, Docker, NoSQL databases, server virtualization.
Willingness to lead junior members and provide mentorship for complex projects.  
Knowledge of Git, Jenkins, and software engineering processes is a plus.
Experience writing scripts in at least one of the following languages: Python, Ruby, Unix shells.
Experience inspecting and interpreting log messages.
Nice To Have:
Hands-on experience working with Enterprise security threat detection products (SIEM/SOAR/SOC/XDR) is a plus. 
Experience generating security-related reports or dashboards.
Experience developing content with an enterprise security product.
About Us:
What we do: We are a cloud-native SaaS machine data analytics platform - logs, time series metrics, and security analytics. We were founded in 2010 by experts in log management, big data, security systems, and enterprise-scale applications. Customers love our product because it allows them to easily monitor and optimize their mission-critical, large scale applications.
Our Customers: We serve DevOps, SecOps and ITOps teams. Customers love our product because it allows them to easily monitor and optimize their mission-critical, large scale applications.
Mission: Democratize machine data analytics through our platform, bringing real-time data insights securely through the cloud.
Massive Scale: Our microservices architecture in AWS ingests hundreds of terabytes daily across many geographic regions. Millions of queries a day analyze hundreds of petabytes of data.
What you can expect:
Competitive compensation + bonus
Stock (RSUs) + ESPP 
New MacBook Pro 
Meal vouchers
Working in an experienced, international team
Working on an exciting SaaS product

