
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionThe role is for a self-motivated individual with software engineering skills and expertise in building real time streaming systems. The candidate will be extensively involved in hands-on activities including POCs, design, documentation, development and test of new functionality.  You will be an integral part of the Loyalty and Marketing development team focusing on design and build of software solutions that leverage data to solve business problems. We expect our Staff Engineers to do much more than just writing codeHelp our client to achieve their real goals by understanding the requirements and how it would help them in their business.Leverage newer technologies and develop solutions to build next generation of resilient, reliable and scalable servicesLead efforts to architect, design and implement various aspects of our global transaction processing systems.Comfortable in leading meeting and discussions with non-technical teams.Excellent interpersonal skills and team player. Most important qualities for the candidate are:Academics : Bachelor or Master s degree in Computer Science or related fieldLeadership : leading solutions and working with teams to achieve it.Curiosity : A desire to seek clarity of requirements and why tasks are done a certain wayCreativity : The ability to take a list of needs and insights and come up with other innovative ideas.Strategic focus : Skill to understand big picture and stay focused on task to achieve goalsAttention to detail : The capability to perform any research systematically and accuratelyStrong work ethic : The innate drive to do work extremely wellEnthusiasm : A passion to understand people and deliver better products and services to themThis is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.Qualifications• 8 or more years of experience. • Must have strong experience on Java, Spark and Hadoop Ecosystem.• Expertise in Java and REST for developing microservices will be a plus.• Demonstrated knowledge of RDBMs and SQL with experience in building complex database queries based on the understanding of the data model is a big plus.• Ability to communicate effectively up, down and across to assure that your ideas are heardAdditional InformationVisa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

