
We're Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
We’re building the world’s most advanced, self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
Cruisers have the opportunity to grow and develop while learning from leaders at the forefront of their fields. With a culture of internal mobility, there's an opportunity to thrive in a variety of disciplines. This is a place for dreamers and doers to succeed.
If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, join us.The Data Science and Analytics team is dedicated to building metrics and models to explain and diagnose the performance of our AV technology. Our team guides strategic decision making through statistical analysis and experimentation, and improves the AV stack with data driven models, decision thresholds, and simulation testing. As a Staff Data Scientist you’ll be responsible for building and evaluating simulations of millions of miles of autonomous driving using the most advanced cloud technologies, in-house simulation frameworks, and data modeling tools.
 
What you’ll be doing:
As a Staff Data Scientist, you will work directly with an array of partners, including executive leadership, Autonomous Vehicle (AV) engineers, product managers, and operations teams.
As a leader, you will demonstrate and develop team-building skills by:

Defining success criteria from ambiguous problem statements


Defining the roadmap for your product area


Mentoring fellow Data Scientists and fostering a positive, collaborative work environment


Role-modeling a humble, positive, and growth-oriented attitude


Translating complex concepts into clear and meaningful recommendations for partners.

As an individual contributor, you will be responsible for extracting high-impact insights from our extensive collection of on-road and simulation data by:

Understanding the tradeoffs associated with common machine learning model architectures


Debugging model outliers/edge cases


Measuring model uncertainty


Analyzing model performance and feature importance


Analyzing AV behavior changes exposed in driving and simulation, and uncovering the source of those changes


Deploying production systems that deliver continuous insights


Quantifying the impact of using statistical methods, data mining, and experimental design principles


Collaborating with team members to build shareable tools, methods, and dashboards


Converting insights into concrete, significant recommendations for business or product improvement, and succinctly communicate these findings to various partners and leadership

The ideal candidate for this role is passionate about the AV Industry, has a track record of discovering insights from extensive data, and works to discover and address customer needs through their output.
What you must have:

A Masters or PhD degree or equivalent experience.


7+ years post-academic experience in data science, machine learning, or a closely-related field.


Significant statistical experience in data-intensive on-line systems. Examples include real-time metrics tracking systems and A/B testing methodologies.


Experience deploying feature and model pipelines at scale, and monitoring model performance.


Experience designing, training, and critically analyzing ML models for big data.


Experience developing and maintaining automated reporting tools for management and other partners.


Productive in both SQL and Python.


Creative, inventive, and passionate about seeking new solutions to problems and opportunities


A track record of leading multi-functional initiatives


Experience in advising leadership at the director, VP and CTO level on technical strategy and tech teams talent needs.

Bonus Points!

Experience with MapReduce frameworks (Hadoop, Spark, BigQuery) and/or Apache Beam/Google Dataflow


Experience with Deep Learning and statistical analysis of ML models


Experience in AV or Automotive industry

 
The salary range for this position is $175,500 - 229,200. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?
Our benefits are here to support the whole you:
Medical / dental / vision, AD+D and life insurance
Subsidized mental health benefits
One Medical membership
Flexible Spending Account 
Monthly wellness stipend
401(k) match 
Paid time off: vacation, sick, public health emergency, jury duty, bereavement and company holidays. 
Paid parental, family care and medical leave
Family care benefits: fertility benefits, Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (subsidized by Cruise).
Non-remote employees: Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan, healthy meals and snacks 
CruiseFlex - a working policy for US-Based Cruisers that lets you and your manager find what working style is best for you, whether it’s primarily in-person, primarily at home or a combination of home and in-office time.
We’re Integrated
Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.
We’re Funded
GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price & Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.
We’re Independent
We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.
We’re Vested
You won’t just own your work here, you’ll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow.
Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO) - a unique equity program where employees, both current and former, have the option to sell any amount of their vested equity on a recurring basis, currently quarterly.
We’re Safety Conscious
We integrate #staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. You’ll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.

Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. 
We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HR@getcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners.

