
Company DescriptionABOUT AVERY DENNISON:Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE: AVY) is a global materials science and digital identification solutions company that provides branding and information labeling solutions, including pressure-sensitive materials, radio-frequency identification (RFID) inlays and tags, and a variety of converted products and solutions. The company designs and manufactures a wide range of labeling and functional materials that enhance branded packaging, carry or display information that connects the physical and the digital, and improve customers’ product performance. The company serves an array of industries worldwide, including home and personal care, apparel, e-commerce, logistics, food and grocery, pharmaceuticals and automotive. The company employs approximately 36,000 employees in more than 50 countries. Reported sales in 2022 were $9.0 billion. Learn more at www.averydennison.com.ABOUT AVERY DENNISON SMARTRAC: Built on a legacy of innovation and materials science, Avery Dennison has embarked on a new era of opportunity. This is an opportunity to take the functional and traditional label and enable it with digital technologies that can give every item a unique digital identity and digital life.This “intelligence applied” technology has the capability to enable a world of connected everything. A world where the 'who, what and where' of every physical, become points of irrefutable fact and absolute visibility. Provenance, authenticity, sourcing, history, real-time location; guaranteed for businesses and consumers throughout the entire supply chain and all the way to the home. At its most simple, a company with a legacy in “making labels” becomes a category-leading technology company making the Internet of Things a positive, transformative, world-wide reality for all of us. The label has always told us something about the product. Now it can tell us everything.In February 2020, Avery Dennison acquired Smartrac, a leading manufacturer of RFID products. Combined with the Intelligent Labels business, we will leverage our deep industry knowledge and know-how in technology and innovation, R&D, quality and service to drive RFID and technology adoption across multiple industries. And we want you to be part of our journey! Job DescriptionAs the Product Data Management Specialist, you will be responsible for managing product life cycle in the ERP system, and creating and maintaining product specifications in the document control system. You will work closely with our factories and be part of the global Product Data Management team.In this role, you will:Maintain and create a product master data globally in ERPCreate and update bill of material globally in ERPProvide product data relevant information as requested to other departmentsCreate product drawings by using AutocadCreate and update product specifications in document control systemQualificationsBachelor or Master degree in relevant field, such as engineering, data management or finance2+ years product data management or related experience Knowledge of / experience with SAP or Oracle is of advantageAt least exposure to AutocadWork experience in a manufacturing environment is of advantageExcellent communication skills in English, both spoken and writtenProblem solving skills and an attention to detail is important for this role, particularly an ability to follow up on tasks and close them outAdditional InformationThe position is fixed-term of 12 months. 
We are are looking to fill the role as soon as the right match is found. Therefore we encourage you to apply as soon as possible as we will move forward with the suitable candidate. We offer:Comprehensive development opportunities and flat hierarchies in an international working environmentA working place with passionate people who like to work with wireless technology as much as you doA modern office environment in an attractive location with good public transport connectionsCulture, Lunch, commuting & Wellbeing Vouchers Healthcare Flexible working hoursPossibility to work remotely Extensive offerings for learning and development libraries offered to all employeesWho we are! - Our Story: Each of us, Every day! Eight Values. One Team! Being open to every voice, every day, brings our value of diversity to life and makes Avery Dennison a vibrant and engaging place to be. We understand diversity and equal opportunities as enrichment for our future-oriented work. Across our diverse, global team, every voice makes us stronger. When we listen to and learn from each other, there is no limit to what we can achieve together. Each of us is unique, and we appreciate bringing together different personalities and talents. Avery Dennison is an equal-opportunity employer. In the EMEA region, we have these Employee Resource Groups: EmpoWer - focusing on the engagement, mentoring, and promotion of womenMental Health - striving to provide a safe space for employees to discuss mental health issues in the workplaceUnite - supporting the LGBTQI+ and ally community in the EMEA regionTo find out more about all our employee resources groups globally as well as our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion approach, please go to https://www.averydennison.com/en/home/about-us/diversity-and-inclusion.html  At Avery Dennison, we do what we love, and we love what we do - Just click here, and get to know us better: Life @ Avery Dennison (linkedin.com/company/avery-dennison/life/emea) Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Avery Dennisonwww.averydennison.com
Please let us know if we can support you with reasonable accommodations throughout the application process by contacting our Talent Acquisition team via jobs@eu.averydennison.com

