
Company DescriptionBlock is one company built from many blocks, all united by the same purpose of economic empowerment. The blocks that form our foundational teams — People, Finance, Counsel, Hardware, Information Security, Platform Infrastructure Engineering, and more — provide support and guidance at the corporate level. They work across business groups and around the globe, spanning time zones and disciplines to develop inclusive People policies, forecast finances, give legal counsel, safeguard systems, nurture new initiatives, and more. Every challenge creates possibilities, and we need different perspectives to see them all. Bring yours to Block.Job DescriptionAs an embedded Data Engineer in the People Analytics team, you will architect, implement and manage data processing pipelines and data models that curate People Team data (related to HR, recruiting, etc.) from third party vendors for fast and thorough analysis. You will play an integral part in enabling the People Analytics team to take data-driven decision making and ROI optimization to the next level. You are a self-starter and you are comfortable working cross-functionally with other teams across Block.You will:Develop and take ownership of the People data warehouse and related data pipelines to empower data access and self-service.Partner with business stakeholders and downstream data consumers to understand data and translate business requirements into technical design of building scalable data pipelines. Perform ad hoc analysis, insight requests, and data extractions to resolve critical business issuesQualificationsRequired:3+ years of data engineering experience with expertise in data warehousing and hands-on experience with extracting and processing API data using Python, data modeling, ETL implementation & optimization and building reports with Looker or similar BI visualization tools.Hands on experience on cloud-based computing services and data warehouses like AWS, GCP, Snowflake, Redshift or equivalentAbility to understand complex business systems; versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job.Excellent communication skills paired with strong initiative (i.e., you are a self-starter; you proactively identify areas for improvement and implements enhancements without being asked)Demonstrated integrity and consideration for appropriate data governance when working with sensitive confidential dataExperience working with employee / HR data is a plusAdditional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $125,600 - USD $153,600
Zone B: USD $119,300 - USD $145,900
Zone C: USD $113,000 - USD $138,200
Zone D: USD $106,800 - USD $130,600To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

