
Company DescriptionWelcome to BoschCars drive autonomously, machines speak to each other, and houses become smarter. At Bosch, we turn these visions into reality to improve the quality of life for people all over the world. Start something big and become a part of forward thinkers where you can create something remarkable: Invented for life.With over 300 specialized associates and around 15 nationalities, Bosch activities in Lisbon are focusing on sales, marketing, communication, training, nearshoring services and shared support for human resources services to Europe. The diversity, commitment and know-how of the team are the key success factors of this organization.Bosch Service Solutions develops and delivers Customer Experience, Mobility and Monitoring solutions for companies and their customers. Our teams find fast and efficient solutions for thousands of people on a daily basis – from claim management to life-saving emergency calls, among other services. Define the standards and become a pioneer together with around 9000 associates worldwide.Job DescriptionCustomer master data management is processing all of the information related to a company's customers in a central system. This information can include personal and contact details, such as names, addresses, categorizations and relationships, and any other data related to the customer's interactions with the company. Having accurate, complete, and up-to-date customer information is a business critical requirement for every company .As the data architect Customer Data Management you are responsible for the design and implementation of customer master data management systems. This includes the definition of the overall data architecture, designing the data model, and ensuring that the system meets the organization's business requirements.Evaluation and Selection of Next Generation Repository Tool as successor of SAP-MDS Platform​Define solution Architecture for Next Generation Repository​Definition of Business and Technical Data Modell  for Organizations and Person Objects​Modelling and specification of creation/update and maintenance processes cross ECO system​Co-ordination of development and testing ressources​Alignment with Business Owner and Product Owner of integrated Customer Profile Management solution​Consulting of Consumers and Providers in regards of Business and Technical integration Architecture ​Turning business problems into data designQualificationsStrong logical, analytical and Problem solving working method​Open and transparent communication and collaboration style​Working in /Understanding of Business Processes in a big global company​Data engineering and modelling with complex data modells​Deep IT Architecture and Tool experience e.g. SAP middleware, Stibo STEP,  Solace ….​Data Governance and Standardization​Project Management​Additional InformationWhat we offer you: Challenges in an international environment | career opportunities in one of the best companies in the world | flexible hours | medical services | discounts for employees | sports and health related activities | canteen | good access to public transports | space for creativity.Success stories don´t just happen. They are made...Make it happen! We are looking forward to your application!

