
Locations available: Warrington, Manchester, Bristol and Middlesbrough.What We Do in ConsultingFrazer-Nash offers excellent opportunities for placement year students to experience challenging and interesting work that makes a difference in the world. Working within a consultancy environment offers the chance to experience a wide variety of projects, win work and use cutting edge methods to find the missing piece of the puzzle. You’ll join highly performing teams and we will help you to develop and nurture your potential as you grow within your role, leading to exciting future career prospects. We encourage your ideas and give you the opportunity to work directly with our clients.Team informationOur teams use data and computational methods.  We are interested in building robust, agile and scalable systems which help our customers to ‘do more in less time’.    As consultants we pair our technical data and software skills with strong communication and management skills to ensure our work has an impact.  We work across the full range of markets that Frazer­-Nash operates in, including Transport, Health, Industry, Energy and Defence.RequirementsWhat you’ll be doing at Frazer-Nash? Working within a consultancy environment offers the chance to experience a wide variety of diverse projects across a range of industry sectors; you'll be given the opportunity to develop yourself at each step of the project lifecycle, designing software and hardware solutions to customer’s complex problems, managing project delivery, winning work and having the opportunity to work directly with our clients.  Some examples of the types of work that you could be involved in include: Using mathematical modelling techniques for customers who have limited amounts of data to help fill in the gaps with data driven forecasts. Using analytical techniques for customers who have large quantities of data to get insight into what is happening in their systems. Throughout our projects we aim to build long-term relationships with our customers and keep helping them with their problems as they evolve over time. What you’ll need? We are interested in hearing from excellent candidates who want to work in data science and systems. As a minimum requirement you’ll need to be working towards, or be predicted to obtain, a 2:1 in your Bachelor’s or Master’s degree. You may have relevant experience from University courses that are similar to any on the following list: Computer Science Cyber Engineering Psychology Systems Engineering Physics Mathematics Mechanical Engineering General Engineering When submitting your application, please describe detail of your degree, educational background and work experience in your CV and Cover Letter.  Show us that you are organised and methodical in your approach to meeting deadlines and managing internal and external requirements. Highlight collaborative qualities and experience you have which will help you excel in a consultancy environment.Due to the nature of the work that Frazer-­Nash Consultancy undertake, candidates will be required to undergo pre-employment screening and must be able to satisfy clearance criteria for UK National Security Vetting. Candidates will be required to be UK national’s who are resident in the UK to be eligible to apply What can Frazer-Nash offer you? This an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic team undertaking challenging and interesting work for our clients, where we will help you to develop and nurture your potential as you grow within your role. We will support and encourage your ideas and will give you the opportunity to work directly with our clients, helping you to build strong working relationships and professional networks. Clear career pathways will help you to develop and nurture your potential as you grow within your role, leading to exciting future career prospects and the opportunity to return as a Frazer-Nash graduate.You will have the option to take part in lots of social activities throughout the year as well. Join in on our annual fitness challenge, December socials, or join one of our many networking groups!BenefitsCompetitive salary: [£21,000 Pro Rata] Happy to talk flexible working  Company pension scheme   Targeted professional development  Life assurance  
