
Who is Current Health?Current Health is a leader in the movement to transition more healthcare into the home. We’re a technology company, but beyond our best-in-class hardware and software capabilities, we help healthcare organisations operationalise care at home and deliver excellent patient experiences through helping with the last mile of care logistics and services. We partner with leading healthcare organisations to advance home-based care in the US, the UK, and around the world.More than doubling in size in the last year, we’re building a global team united in one purpose: helping people live healthier, longer lives by predicting disease and enabling earlier treatment. At Current Health, we seek to put patients first, solve problems with curiosity and creativity, pursue uncommon collaboration, and never stop growing. We’re a remote-first company, which means that everything from how we work, communicate, and socialise is shaped by tools and culture that prioritise collaboration and support independence.What does a Data Engineer at Current Health do?As a specialist in data engineering, you will help us build a new data platform and associated data products to meet new challenges as we grow as a business and gain increasing numbers of customers and use-cases. As well as helping support our services across our software platform and applications, you will also help support and evolve our existing data products and provide analytical support to external clients and Current Health teams.We are currently building a new data platform whereby we will make all our data accessible in one place and build data products that use this data thus allowing our engineers, data scientists, bio-medical engineers and clinical researchers to perform analytics which will help us to drive patient engagement, clinical impact, and client growth.How we work as a teamWe would describe ourselves as self-organising and collaborative with a continuous improvement mindset. We value knowledge sharing and making decisions as a team, regardless of role or level of seniority. We encourage collaboration via e.g. pair programming and holding regular knowledge share sessions . We seek to continuously improve as a team and we also look to support each other's growth.RequirementsWe want to hear from you if…You meet some or many of the points below. This is some of the experience we would be looking for to help you be successful in our team:Experience in real-time stream or batch processing. Designing and implementing systems with scale in mind. Deep knowledge of at least one modern programming language (we use Python and Java). Proficiency in data manipulation using e.g. SQL, Spark, pandas or similar. An eagerness to learn new languages and technologies as required. Writing code with a focus on testability. Be confident reviewing and troubleshooting code. Have implemented solutions in a cloud computing and networking environment (we use AWS along with terraform/IaC). Collaborating outside your own team. We work closely with data scientists, product teams and other consumers of data products. Technologies we useQuerying and analytics: Python, SQL, dbt, Databricks, AWS Athena, AWS Glue Orchestration: Airflow Storage: PostgreSQL (RDS), Redshift, DynamoDB, AWS S3 Monitoring: DataDog, CloudWatch BenefitsSpec your own environment Competitive bonus scheme  Salary Exchange Pension scheme (5% employee, 3% employer contribution) Private Medical Insurance through Vitality 2 x Life Assurance cover Critical Illness cover Employee Assistance Program £10 pcm flex pot to use toward benefits in our Benni benefits portal On call allowance (Only payable if and for so long as you provide on call services) Flexible, autonomous working environment Bike to work scheme Give as you earn through payroll 
