
Company DescriptionWe pledge "to prove IT can make a real difference to our customer's businesses". We work hard to ensure we understand what our customers need from their technology solutions and then we deliver.
We are an award-winning company who provide world class customer service; we think big and we hire great people. Version 1 are more than just another IT services company - we are leaders in implementing and supporting Oracle, Microsoft and AWS technologies.6th Best Large Workplace in the UKBest place to work in Ireland #GPTW202210th place in Glassdoor Top 50 UK companiesUK & Ireland’s premier Oracle, Microsoft & AWS partnerMarket leader in Oracle ERP and Cloud ApplicationsConsulting, implementation and support services3000 strong,€255m/ £220m revenue businessJob DescriptionAs one of our consultants, you’ll play a key role in both short-term and long-term engagements, at various stages of the project lifecycle. Our focus is to help our clients deliver a wide range of change programmes where transformation of data is at the core of their goals. You’ll help design, plan, and deliver tactical and strategic solutions for our clients. You’ll be responsible for owning key deliverables and will be expected to build strong relationships with your stakeholders and supporting teams. You’ll play a role in our social culture, embrace diversity, and promote wellbeing for you and your peers above all else. About you You’re a passionate, forward-thinking data expert interested in making a real difference in a dynamic, fast-paced industry. You’ll be ambitious, dedicated and looking to join a group of likeminded individuals who are passionate about data and thrive on complex problem solving, in high pressured environments. A real team player and people person, you take pride in achieving great things as part of a team, but you’ll also have the drive to operate independently and take ownership of your workstack and personal development. Qualifications Experience in large scale industry focused on disciplines such as: Data Warehousing Analytics Data Engineering ETL Highly competent in developing complex processes using SQL in a variety of platforms such as:MS-SQL Cognos desirable (but not essential)Demonstrate expertise in analytics and data insights using tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Alteryx, Trifacta etc.Be able to demonstrate a successful track record of working under self-direction to meet significant deliverables. Experience in ERP and HCM desirable (but not essential)Additional InformationBefore you apply, here are some of the benefits we offer:Quarterly Profit SharePrivate medical insuranceFlexible working policy & Remote Working Incentives for accreditations and educational assistance for courses relevant to your role.Employee recognition in the form of Excellence Awards and V1Ps which your peers award.Pathways Career Development QuarterlyEngagement is incredibly important! Our local teams drive our engagement events!and much more...
