
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive. When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement. Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionDesign and implement data frameworks and pipelines to process data. Create data integrations between source and destination systems. Participate in internal proof of concept initiatives. When needed, quickly design and implement a prototype of a system or component with a proper architecture. Comfortable working in a loosely structured, fast-paced organization. Work with stakeholders to assist with technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Provide support and maintenance for Hadoop eco-systems including HDFS, Yarn, Hive, Druid, Spark, Kafka, HBase, etc. Create documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance. Evaluate existing designs, improve methods, and implement optimizations. Identify opportunities for future enhancements and refinements to standards, best practices, and development methodologies. Stay up to date on latest trends in data engineering and recommended best practices. This is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office 2-3 set days a week (determined by leadership/site), with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% or more of the time based on business needs.QualificationsBasic Qualifications • 5 or more years of relevant work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree engineering/quantitative field such as Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, etc. OR at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhD. Preferred Qualifications • Six or more years of work experience with a bachelor’s degree or 4 or more years of relevant experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or up to 3 years of relevant experience with a PhD • Experience working with opensource Apache Hadoop eco-system, which includes – installations, service-setup and providing support. • Prior experience building and operating large-scale data pipelines. • Strong computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and algorithms. • Experience working with a team of engineers, designers, and product owners in delivering a product to end-users. • Experience in working with opensource Hadoop technologies - Kafka, Spark, Airflow, oozie etc. • Experience with opensource technologies like Druid, Superset, Syslog-ng. • Continuous delivery and Dev Ops experience – infrastructure automation, monitoring, logging, auditing and security implementation and practices. • Expertise with Apache opensource code, packages, and compilation processes. • Experience in building API's using Java or Python. • Experience with complete Security related vulnerabilities and remediation processes. • Experience working in the IT security domain. • Expertise on providing solutions/mitigations for common security vulnerabilities & threats in Java code • Strong interpersonal, facilitation, and effective communication skills (both written and verbal) and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise way. • Ability to deliver on multiple projects and manage priorities based on changing directions. • Highly driven, resourceful and results oriented. • Demonstrated ability to lead and navigate through ambiguityAdditional InformationVisa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

