
Netflix is the world’s leading streaming entertainment service with 220 million paid memberships in over 190 countries, enjoying TV series, documentaries, and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. About the Engineering Support OrganizationThe aim of the Engineering Support Organization is to enable Platform Engineering to effectively and sustainably scale the support they provide to their customers. The team  is the frontline resource for the engineering support needs of our customers (i.e., our workforce) - handling, troubleshooting, and resolving customer requests and issues. In addition, the team will focus on ways of working, customer advocacy, support tooling, platform product offerings, documentation, and developer education. Our Mission Deliver an excellent support experience to Netflix’s developer community. To advocate for our customers, follow through on issues and resolve them in a reasonable time. If blockers prevent immediate resolution, we communicate status and ensure there is visibility into why there is a delay. Provide insights, feedback and champion customer sentiment about the tools we support to our partners across Productivity and Data Platform Engineering. Partner with Product Management, Developer Education and Engineering to track and maintain visibility into ongoing issues and communicate customer needs to ensure improving in these areas is prioritized.Drive collaboration efforts to reduce product friction and increase usability so that Platform Engineering can build, deploy and deliver highly functional solutions for the Developer Community.The Role We are looking for a Technical Support Engineer with a passion for data platform infrastructure and tooling, customer service, and automation. You will be responsible for monitoring and handling our customers’ requests, troubleshooting, solving issues, automating support needs, developing support documentation and runbooks, improving and maintaining support tools and automation, understanding our product offerings, and continuously looking for ways to improve the engineering support experience.Our ideal team member has first-hand experience working in customer-facing, engineering support roles, writing and building a comprehensive self-service knowledge base and has knowledge of infrastructure, internal tooling, platforms, and cloud computing. You are excellent at understanding and solving complex and ambiguous problems and constantly seek improvement. As an Engineer in this role, we need a candidate who can understand our complex offerings on a technical level, be hands-on in the development of our support automation tooling, and recommend product and operational improvements based on customer interactions.
Location
Our offices are located in Los Gatos.What you’ll need to be successful:
You are skilled in providing superior customer support across a complex organization, ideally as part of a central team You are passionate about customer experienceYou are a data-driven decision-makerYou have excellent written and verbal communications skills and appreciate the importance of comprehensive documentationYou are comfortable with at least one programming language; preferably Python and/or JavaAbility to read and comprehend log files and Unix processes to identify and troubleshoot root causes of issuesPrior experience supporting platforms built using open source technologies such as, Jupyter, Hadoop, Apache Airflow (or other workflow orchestration platform), Presto/TrinoYou  have worked with big data warehouse storage systems (e.g. Iceberg or Hive)You have experience working with data pipelines using Apache Spark framework or  technologies such as Flink, Kafka, Druid or PrestoAbility to read and write SQL queries to pull required complex data to support any reported issues/product defectsExperience with cloud infrastructure and/or container orchestration platform is a plusYou have the desire and aptitude to learn how the pieces of big data platform work togetherOur culture is unique, and we tend to live by our values, allowing you to do your best work and grow. To learn more about Platform Engineering, feel free to listen to this podcast.We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine your personal top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for roles in this area of Netflix is typically $90,000 - $900,000This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here.

