
Company DescriptionH&M Group is on a journey to meet and exceed our customers' expectations today and tomorrow. Through collaboration, innovation, and technology we challenge ourselves and the industry. To cater to the individual needs and desires of our millions of customers, our tech organization delivers solutions for the entire value chain for all our brands. We are accelerating digitalization and to stay relevant, we need to ensure we have strong leaders in place to bring our best capabilities, innovation ideas and talented technologists to support the transformation of H&M Group.  Job DescriptionAs the Area Lead Engineer for Data Engineering, as a driven leader, you will play a vital role for us in our mission to make H&M Group a truly data and insight driven company.​You will be responsible all the Data Engineer who works alongside with Machine Learning Engineers and Data Scientists in the team to develop scalable and production ready Advanced Analytics and AI software and products. Additionally support the teams towards development of different technical tools/services to enable large scale machine learning solutions.​ What you will do Be an available and approachable manager for team members bv inspiring and coaching them 1-1 on their personal development journey in alignment with the needs of the team and H&M.​ Design, develop and build real-time data pipelines from a variety of sources (streaming data, APIs, data warehouse, messages etc.)​ Leverage the understanding of software architecture and software design patterns to write scalable, maintainable, well-designed and future proof software​ Manage existing pipelines and create new pipelines from a variety of sources (relational, XML, etc.)​ Actively apply best practices within CI/CD​ Propose and implement solutions for data pipeline stabilization and data quality checks​ Coordination with other teams to design optimal patterns for data ingest and egress, as well as lead and coordinate data quality initiatives and troubleshooting​ Design and build solutions to track data quality, stabilize data pipeline, etc. to ensure reliable operations​ Ensure best practices are followed across architecture, codebase and configuration​ Eliminate waste​ Deliver on time​ Lead, coach and develop members of the area, promoting best practice in technical architecture and continually benchmarking against industry standards​ Formal staff responsibility, including salary review, performance dialogues and support in individual development plans and competence needs. Skills and abilities​ you will bring Proven advanced training in information technology, computer science or equivalent​ Demonstrated extensive experience in leading and coaching data engineers at customer-focused companies​ Experience & ability to establish priorities with clear goals and responsibilities to achieve a high level of performance.​ Experience & ability to evaluate different options proactively and ability to solve problems in an innovative way.    Develop new solutions or combine existing methods to create new approaches.​ Comfortable in working with external product teams to establish the optimal data integration patterns/solutions​ QualificationsFunctional Knowledge​ Python, Spark SQL, Hadoop, Jenkins​ Docker​ Kubernetes​ Git​ Azure Data Factory​ PowerShell​ Bash, DevOps, CI/CD​ Azure​ GCP​ Architecture Principles Design​ Agile Architecture Delivery​ Strong communication skills in English (spoken and written) ​ Leadership Attributes As a role model for our values and putting them into action, you are expected to demonstrate excellent cognitive, social and emotional skills and know how to nurture them in others by having the ability to…​ commit to directional decisions, take ownership of the whole and collaborate across boundaries​ create trust and dare to lead​ communicate in a timely and clear way​ strive for speed, reduce complexity, and focus on the outcome​ stay curious and be open to new perspectives​ Additional InformationWorking with tech at H&M Group  
Shaping the future of fashion with people, data, and tech. The fashion and retail industries are going through a transformation, driven by customers' technology and sustainability expectations. At H&M Group, we want to shape the future of fashion and lifestyle by harnessing the power of smart tech and data. With our 75-year history of innovation, we understand the need to collaborate and co-create with engineers and tech specialists around the world to achieve our vision.   
  What we offer       
You are joining a unique value-driven culture, a large tech network and community where you can be yourself. Besides the obvious perks such as staff discount card, learning communities, wellness benefits, parental benefits and a flexible work life, there are a lot of opportunities to experiment and grow in the direction you want. Being a major player gives us countless opportunities to make a real impact and shape the future.   
   
H&M Group is a value-driven company that wants to lead the way to a more inclusive environment. We are committed to create an inclusive & diverse workplace with a culture that is dynamic and innovative.  We welcome your application regardless of who you are, where you’re from and what you like.  We welcome applicants with different backgrounds, perspectives, and skills.  We welcome all applicants to strengthen our innovative and diverse culture.   
Learn more about our I&D work https://youtu.be/veRbl9Cijts   
  Additional information   This is a full-time position based in Stockholm. Please apply as soon as possible but no later than 4th March,2023. We will review and interview applicants on-going. If you have questions, please contact Talent Acquisition Prianka Raina (prianka.raina@hm.com) 

