

At Kinaxis, who we are is grounded in our common belief that people matter. Each one of us plays an important part in accomplishing our work, building our culture and making a global impact.
Every day, we’re empowered to work together to help our customers make fast, confident planning decisions. This is how we create a better planet – for each other, for our customers and for generations to come. Our cloud-based platform RapidResponse ensures that the products we need – everything from medicine and cars, to day-to-day items like toothpaste – make it to market and into our hands when we need them with minimal ecological footprint.
We make the world better, and you can too.Job Title
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in Country OR Region
OR 
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada (or Tokyo, Japan etc.)
About the team
Don’t leave this section too bare. Identify what makes your team and job great – don’t be afraid to get creative here
What you will do
job responsibility
job responsibility
Technologies we use
Technical environment
Technical environment
What we are looking for
mandatory requirements
mandatory requirements
 What we have to offer
Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never “done. That’s because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems they’re passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously! It’s in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others’ differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 
For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the company’s blog at http://blog.kinaxis.com/.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprograms@kinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

