
Company DescriptionWhat we want to achieve, together.
At Adevinta Spain, we work hard so that millions of people can find what they are looking for
through our six marketplaces, building new connections that help us make a positive impact
on the planet.
We are Fotocasa, Habitaclia, InfoJobs, Coches.net, Motos.net and Milanuncios. Every day, 1
in 2 people search for a new opportunity in one of our marketplaces in Spain. And they find
it. And to do so, at Adevinta Spain we create an environment where you are your best
version of yourself every day, where you can give your all, and where your uniqueness adds
to our diversity. Diversity in every sense of the word, in our people, in our products and our
community. Because equality is at the heart of everything we do. Better as equals.
Adevinta is so much more than just a workplace. We have obtained the Great Place to Work
certificate and 91% of our employees say that Adevinta Spain is an excellent place to work.
An international accreditation that shows that we are one of the best companies to work for!Job DescriptionWe are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist to join our team.Reporting to the Head of Machine Learning, will serve as a change agent, constructing and leveraging Machine Learning in Adevinta Spain.As an experienced Data Scientist, you will: Understand user needs and business opportunities and identify where Machine Learning can bring the greatest impact. Develop machine learning models from scratch or fine-tune existing ones.Train and test deep learning models.Team work using Agile methodology and be part of the end-to-end process, collaborate with other profiles in the team.Detect the data that may be useful in upcoming projects and verify whether this data already exists or needs to be tracked.Deliver incremental work, following lean product development principles.Share your knowledge with your colleagues to boost machine learning in Adevinta and strengthen our machine learning community.Identify challenges and growth for business.QualificationsHave experience applying machine learning and deep learning methods to:Develop solutions to address impactful business needs.Provide hands-on support in a range of Computer Vision related tasks.Assure quality and robustness of data science outputs.Work with other team members to help productionize end-to-end ML solutions. Proficiency in Python with ability to translate ideas into prototypes.Experience working in cloud environment (e.g. AWS)Experience with Agile philosophies (e.g. Scrum) and project management tools (e.g.: JIRA).Have strong interpersonal communication skills to:Engage with stakeholders and understand business requirements.Clearly communicate complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences.Additional InformationAt Adevinta Spain, we believe in the power of a fair and equitable benefits policy. And we do everything we can to make it so. Therefore, we pay special attention to all aspects that are key in your day-to-day life:Ever since COVID-19 hit, we've all been working remotely following the health recommendations, but the offices are open and you can go in whenever you'd like with all the necessary health measures in place. Now, we are shaping our new post-COVID-19 working model. It will be based on a hybrid formula that will have a significant remote work component.Every year we engage into benchmarking against the external market in order to create competitive compensation packages. Moreover, we do have plans that allow you to "flex your gross salary" in order to purchase benefits such as meal vouchers, commuters card, training and child care.All Adevintans have in common the passion for innovation and technology. You can choose whether to have a Macbook or Dell XPS laptop and you can opt for an Iphone or a Samsung.We subsidize your parking up to a maximum of 90€/ month.Your well-being is our priority. We cover fully for your medical insurance and we allow family members to be added to the policy for a discounted price.We have a doctor in our facilities and we do offer extra wellness initiatives such as Yoga at the office in Madrid and physiotherapy in Barcelona.Do you like going to the gym? We sponsor 70% of the monthly fee of your chosen centre/ studio and we have agreements with both Andjoy and McFit for discounted membership prices. We enjoy 23 days of paid-time-off a year.In Barcelona offices we offer free breakfast and beverages🥐 You can choose the daily menu freshly prepared in our canteen.Last but not least, you have 5 extra days to attend conferences and we offer one entrance ticket per year
