
ABOUT SWOOVE:Intelligent Internet Machines (trading as "Swoove Studios") is an entertainment software company at the intersection of storytelling and 3D Animation. We build products that blend the best of both worlds with disruptive ideas designed to expand fun and creativity in unexpected new ways.We have developed a real-time, 3D-animation creation platform for mobile using its proprietary technology. Our mission is to democratise 3D animation and to provide an easy-to-use toolset that empowers anyone to express themselves.We make easy, swipe-based, real-time, 3D animation available to all.OUR MISSION:Swoove is a unique place for people to create fun, shareable, viral content. It makes 3D animation available to ANYONE, in real-time, using just a few swipes.Our Mobile Virtual Studio will enable anyone to create and watch cool 3D-animated content which they can share with their friends across different social media platforms. Creators will personalize and animate their unique avatar and will allow them to create their own dance routines without having to put themselves on camera.At Swoove you will be part of a team whose mission is to “Democratise 3D-Animation”, to release the inner storyteller that exists in all of us and help transform the way people express themselves online!We are looking for a highly motivated and talented researcher to join our team to focus on motion synthesis using generative models. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in machine learning and data science, with a specific focus on generative models such as Variational Auto Encoders (VAE), Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), Auto-Regressive models, Transformer Networks, or Stable Diffusion.Responsibilities:Research and develop generative models for motion synthesis Implement and experiment with various generative models for motion synthesis, exploring their potential applications and limitations. Design and run experiments to evaluate the performance and accuracy of generative models for motion synthesis, using relevant metrics such as FID score and perceptual metrics. Collaborate with other researchers and engineers to integrate the developed models into existing systems and workflows. Stay up-to-date with the latest research trends and advancements in the field of generative models for motion synthesis, and apply them to the development of new models. Develop, implement, and validate physics-based simulation models to synthesize realistic human motion and locomotion using a hybrid approach that combines physics-based simulations and machine learning techniques. Collaborate with our research and development team to design and develop algorithms for modeling expressive human motion and animation. Analyze and interpret data from experiments to inform the development of physics-based models and machine learning algorithms. Work with a multidisciplinary team of researchers, engineers, and software developers to integrate physics-based models and machine learning algorithms into our software platform. RequirementsPrevious expertise in building, improving, and experimenting with generative models. Proven experience in developing and implementing physics-based models for simulating human motion and expression. Proven track record of conducting original research in the field of machine learning and data science. Strong programming skills in languages such as Python, C++, or MATLAB, (experience with machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch is a plus). Familiarity with software packages commonly used for physics-based simulations. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and as part of a team. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a strong ability to analyze and interpret data. Excellent communication skills, with the ability to present research findings and collaborate effectively with colleagues. Master's or Ph.D. in computer science, machine learning, or a related field. If you are passionate about machine learning and data science and have a keen interest in developing generative models for motion synthesis, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. We offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative work environment that fosters innovation and creativity.BenefitsFlexible working conditions (remote/hybrid/schedule) Competitive salary Fast moving start-up company with a lot of professional growth potential Strong relationship between Management and Product Team, enabling anyone to contribute towards the company’s strategy 
