
We are Assembly – and we’re not like the rest. We’re the modern alternative agency, bringing together industry-leading data, talent, and tech to Find the Change That Fuels Growth for the best brands on the planet, including LG, Adobe, Ralph Lauren, Moncler, Aesop, and more. Our diverse, global community of over 1,600 passionate experts combines global thinking with unmatched local expertise in more than 20 markets worldwide – enabling brands to engage and move consumers anywhere. We use STAGE, Assembly’s proprietary, privacy-centric data solutions platform, to surface powerful insights that transform into actionable brand opportunities. We’re at the cutting edge of new media, technology, and platforms embedded in the lives of today’s consumers, and we’re tapped into how culture and communities’ needs change. We do this while staying steadfast in our commitment to Leave the World Better Than We Found It through measurable social and environmental impact work.Assembly was named The Drum’s APAC Media Agency of the Year in 2021This role is a central position for the Hong Kong office as that person supports all the existing team on data and analytics topics. The role is also part of a larger regional data team that includes Analytics, BI and Data Science. The role is focused on analytics but not limited to it, the person will have the opportunity to work with SQL servers and cloud platforms. RequirementsWHAT YOU’LL BE DOING ON ANY GIVEN DAYManaging and running analytics projects directly with clientsTroubleshooting  Client servicing  Being the main local point of contact for any analytics topics  Supporting and coordinating with other teams on day-to-day challenges encountered on analytics, BI and digital media projects  Dashboarding  Running analysis and presentations to be share with clients and internally  Taking part in internal product development DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?Curious  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills  Attention to detail with the ability to effectively troubleshoot issues   Experience with Web analytics solutions (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics)  Experience in digital media is a plus  Fluent in English and in Korean, any other language is a plus  BenefitsWHY ASSEMBLY?We’re part of Stagwell, the challenger network built to transform marketing. We’re nimble, smart, and digital-first, and we’re quickly growing to take on the biggest legacy hold cos. We care about your growth – we offer competitive salaries, annual compensation reviews, and keep detailed personal development plans to ensure you’re hitting your personal and company goals. We recognize and celebrate your success…all the time! Whether it’s through company meetups, employee recognition programs, or just a regular day, we make sure our people’s achievements are known and appreciated! We’re truly a people-first organization. That’s why we offer a Flexible Time Off policy that puts you in control of your work-life balance, as well as market-leading primary and secondary caregiver and parental leave policies. We care about social and environmental Impact – we have dedicated Impact Champions that collaborate globally to make sure we’re leaving the world better than we found it. We have an amazing group of employee resource groups committed to guiding the agency to become more inclusive, diverse, and representative of the world around us. Sound like the right role for you? Click to apply now!

