
Company DescriptionREF25129JJob DescriptionciValue is the leading provider of AI-powered customer analytics, personalization, and brand collaboration platform. Serving dozens of retailers and brands across the world using cutting edge big-data, real-time analytics, and data-science automation. Recently acquired by NielsenIQ, ciValue’s solution is disrupting existing data & media monetization model by enabling retailers to remain in control of their revenue.  We believe that building a great product and teams starts with amazing, diverse minded and bright people who make an impact, generate creative & innovative ideas and take on new perspectives.  The Big Data Software Engineer is responsible for building new data solutions for our rapidly expanding customer base and working with the top data ingestion technologies in an open, collaborative and innovative environment. ResponsibilitiesBe responsible for Data flow stages from definition to architecture, including Data acquisition, Data set acceptance criteria and Data Science integration Architecture designing and customizing technological solutions for large scale data processing Develop and deploy real-time and batch data processing infrastructures and pipelines Take responsibility to explore technologies to scale up Data ecosystem to handle rapidly big Data growth Work closely with Data science team to embed ML / AI algorithms into the product Work with cloud, DevOps, application, and client teams to make sure your solution is solving significant business problems in a robust, scalable manner. Use cutting edge technologies: Python, Airflow, Java, Kubernetes, Spark, Scala, Kafka QualifiicationsBachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field 4+ years of backend engineering work experience in production environments (Data environments, Big Data processing, Database techniques) Proven experience with Java/Scala (Python/Go – advantage) Experience in design and development of scalable big data solutions Experience in Big Data – Spark / Kafka / Flink Experience in Kubernetes, containers & Helm Experience working with SQL & NO-SQL Databases – PostgreSQL, DataLake, Columnar DB Ability to learn new technologies and work in a dynamic fast paced environment Result-driven, pragmatic, and innovative Experience with Cloud technology is an advantage Excellent English communication skills spoken and written  Full-time position in our office in Yokneam (Hybrid) Additional InformationAbout NielsenIQNielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company providing the most complete and trusted view of consumers and markets in 90 countries covering 90% of the world’s population. Focusing on consumer-packaged goods manufacturers and FMCG and retailers, we enable customers to defy what’s possible. How? We combine unparalleled datasets, pioneering technology, and the industry’s top talent to create insights that unlock innovation. Join us and change the landscape.Learn more at: www.niq.comWant to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNielsenIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/NielsenIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.

