
About UsWho We AreSitting at the intersection of social networking and gaming, we empower creativity and connection in a digital world. Our mission is to build deep, rich virtual worlds where everyone belongs.We have been working towards this mission for a decade. We are the creators of Highrise, the first virtual world on mobile, which has seen extraordinary growth over the last few years and now boasts over 20 million users across iOS and Android. Every day, the citizens of Highrise come together to hangout, explore, create, collect, and trade in our metaverse, and we are on the precipice of making history once again with our expansion into Highrise World.Our PurposeTo build creative worlds where you belong.About This RoleThis is a cross-functional role and you will be reporting to Anton Bernstein, CEO. (Please note that if you reach out to Anton, they may not reply due to the volume of messages received.)In this role, you will build out marketing and product reports, analyze data, learn and establish data best practices, as well as collaborate with artists to generate high-performing live operations and marketing creatives.This is an analytical role that requires a passion for data analysis and reporting. You must have strong knowledge of SQL and Python. You will be working collaboratively with various teams including Live Operations, Marketing and Product.Your MissionThe mission of this role is to deliver key reports and interpret data to provide valuable insights into Highrise features and player behavior. This data will help us make decisions around in-game content releases, marketing performance, feature development, and more.
Key Indicators of Success
You will be the go-to person for data analytics questions from the Live Operations, Marketing, Product and Art teams. You will provide timely and easy-to-understand insights to different stakeholders.You will turn raw data into actionable insight and recommendations that will be crucial to Highrise's features, tools, and overall business success.You will leverage tools like Amplitude, Looker, Periscope and more in order to create insightful dashboards for different teams.What You Will Do
You will build, design, and maintain reports and dashboards.You will work with data and perform “deep dive” analyses on various topics such as player journeys, live events, user acquisition, etc.You will work closely with product and marketing teams to review data and extract storylines & trends aligned to Highrise growth.You will identify trends and behaviors that influence performance and player engagement.What You Can Expect in the First 90 Days
30 Days: In the first 30 days, you'll become familiar with the scope of work of the different teams: product, live operations, marketing, and art. Additionally, you'll get to know the analytics infrastructure.60 Days: In the first 60 days, you’ll start building dashboards and reporting based on team needs. You will begin working with live operations and marketing to craft questions and answer them with data.90 Days: In the first 90 days, you will take ownership of analytical insight. You will use data proactively and present your findings to the team.Who You Are
You have the ability to collect, clean, and analyze data, and turn it into meaningful insights and recommendations.You have excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to explain complex data clearly.You have the ambition to own the reporting and analysis functions for the Highrise metaverse.You have an entrepreneurial mindset.Must Have's
A university degree in Computer Science, Math, Economics, Statistics, or other quantitative fields.2+ years of hands-on experience in quantitative analysis and a proven track record of significantly impacting product growth by providing data findings.Extensive knowledge of relational databases, SQL, Python and working with large datasets.Experience with data analytics for mobile apps, gaming products, or e-commerce.Nice to Have's
You are familiar with technologies such as Amplitude, AWS, and Redshift to build and optimize production data pipelines.You have an understanding of machine learning and data science.Benefits
Work from wherever you want, whenever you want. You decide your location and schedule.Meaningful equity in an extremely fast-growing startup.Equipment allowance so you can chose whatever you need to work comfortably.Company-sponsored medical and dental insurance.Unlimited Vacation policy. We know how important taking time off is and we encourage it. Our team takes about 20 days off on average every year.Education stipend. We deeply believe in learning and self-improvement. We've set aside a budget for every employee to learn additional skills and grow.Monthly Fitness Allowance to stay active and take care of your physical health.Perks
Working with a diverse team of people in over 15 countries.You have a voice! We love hearing ideas and want to embrace you for them.Extremely low turnover environment. Over 20% of our team has been here for over 3 years!Coworking space stipend in whichever location you want.Monthly team building budget to get to know your team.Team retreats to meet face-to-face and deepen connection.Bring your pet to work everyday! We love seeing your furry loved ones.A Highrise Admin badge for your avatar.Compensation PhilosophyAs a fully remote company, we strive to have an equitable compensation philosophy that allows us to take good care of our people, no matter where they are in the world. At the moment, our philosophy is composed of multiple factors such as market pay, location, performance, and other rewards. Our compensation philosophy is meant to support our organization’s strategic plan and operating objectives — as we continue to grow as a company, so will our approach to compensation.The salary range for this role is $75,000 -$120,000 in US and Canada. Salary will be adjusted based on your location.What its Really Like to Work HereOur CultureWe are a global team of nearly 100 people right now and rapidly growing. We feel a sense of ownership over our work and take great pride in what we do. We are not afraid to make, and most importantly, admit our mistakes — that allows us to show up authentically and build relationships of trust across the board. We are the scrappy kind, so we try to do more with less, and we love that! If you were to ask our team to describe our culture, they would probably say we are a passionate group of peeps trying to impact the next revolution of the internet.Our ValuesDream big, then make it real. Be an owner, make a difference. Build with humility. Fast is better than slow. Keep it scrappy. Always be learning.Read more about our values here.

