
Company DescriptionEtsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect millions of entrepreneurs with millions of buyers around the world. As an Etsy Inc. employee whether a team member of Etsy, Reverb, Depop, or Elo7 you'll tackle unique, meaningful, and large-scale problems alongside passionate coworkers, all the while making a rewarding impact and Keeping Commerce Human.Job DescriptionWhat's the role?Etsy is seeking a Director of Engineering to lead our Data Platform teams within Data Engineering. Data Engineering’s mission is to make it easy for product, machine learning, marketing, and finance to leverage data. The Data Platform department is made up of 4 teams responsible for the critical pieces of infrastructure that enable other teams to reliably ingest data and write, scale, and deploy batch or real-time data pipelines with a top-notch developer experience. This org is the sibling team to the Data Applications department within Data Engineering.You will collaborate with our stakeholders across product, engineering, analytics, marketing and finance to ensure that our data platform meets our customers’ needs. The Data Platform department is critical to Etsy’s overall mission to create a more human marketplace because this department must enable making it easy to build a more personal experience for our buyers and sellers through data and machine learning. The key opportunities and challenges this role faces are around building strong teams that can continue to improve the scale, cost, reliability, and developer experience of working with data processing tools at Etsy as our company and our data grow. We are looking for an experienced Engineering Director who is capable of creating a high performing leadership team across multiple squads, who is comfortable with managing stakeholders with competing priorities, and who is experienced with building big data products and platforms for internal business and engineering customersThis is a full-time position reporting to the VP of Engineering and the base salary range will be 239,000 - 310,000 USD per year. In addition to salary, you will also be eligible for an equity package, an annual performance bonus, and our competitive benefits that support you and your family as part of your total rewards package at Etsy. For this role, we are considering candidates based in the United States who are either remote, flex or office-based. Etsy offers different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team. Learn more about our flexible work options and vaccination policy hereWhat does the day-to-day look like? You will have the opportunity to set and drive the future technical direction of Etsy’s Data Engineering strategy. In this role, you’ll be managing 4 teams that are collectively responsible for Etsy’s Data Engineering streaming, batch, workflow orchestration and data collection platforms. You will collaborate with our product management team to craft plans that achieve our business goals while scaling the platform to match the growth of the business.You will be responsible for collaborating across teams to meet shared goals. This team's key partners include other product teams, finance, data science, and the other teams within Data Engineering.Under your leadership, the team will be responsible for improving the developer experience of our “paved path” data processing tools, integrating with our machine learning platform for a cohesive experience that accelerates ML at Etsy, and scaling our technologies judiciously to balance reliability, cost, industry innovation, and increasing volumes of data for our business needs. QualificationsQualities that will help you thrive in this role are:You have experience leading teams that build data platforms and services for internal customers. Ideally, you have previous data engineering experience, and are familiar with industry trends and challenges. You have a consistent track record of recruiting both managers and engineers.You are an excellent coach, mentor, and developer of both managers and engineers. You value people who are curious, enthusiastic, generous, and responsible.You are comfortable working with groups outside engineering and translating needs, plans, and tradeoffs clearly between technical and high-level business audiences . You are comfortable setting and driving strategy for your area of the business with a product partner.You are excited about finding new ways to measure progress and success against our business goals.Additional InformationWhat's Next


If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please share your resume 
with us and feel free to include a cover letter if you'd like. As we hope 
you've seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. 
We don't want you to be like everyone else -- we want you to be like you! 
So tell us what you're all about.

Our Promise

At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace furthers
relevance, resilience, and longevity. We encourage people from all backgrounds, 
ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is proud to be an equal opportunity 
workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment 
opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual 
orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran 
status. If, due to a disability, you need an accommodation during any part of the 
interview process, please let your recruiter know. While Etsy supports visa 
sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skills.

For U.S. roles only:

Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones 
within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all 
U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska.

