
Jem is looking for a curious and ambitious Data Analyst to support our team in making data-driven decisions. You’ll work with our sales, product, operations, marketing and strategic teams to draw insights from our customers. These insights are essential to informing critical decisions in our business. You’ll partner with each of the leaders in our business to build dashboards, deliver reports, and probe our customer data and platforms like Hubspot and Freshdesk to improve our customer experience, creating efficiencies in the business, and drive our growth. Our mission at Jem is to connect employers with their deskless workforces. Today, we have limited insight into who is finding this solution valuable, what they’re using it for, where they’re finding obstacles, and with the help of a dedicated data analyst we will unlock the opportunity to build the right features and prioritise the key revenue generating initiatives. The successful candidate will be a right-hand to our COO, supercharging her efforts to focus on the right things and align the team to working where the impact is highest.What you will do:Partner with our department leaders to turn raw data into insightful reporting that supports their teams. Help our teams be more efficient by automating their regular reporting, ensuring that insights are instantly available to our leadership. Work with our customer data, our CRM, and our customer support platform to analyse data and create data visualisations. Assist in diagnosing issues or opportunities from our customer data.  Interpret and present findings to internal stakeholders.  Manage Google Cloud Platform databases and query data in BigQuery. Apply an analytical mindset with experience in translating data into relevant insights.  RequirementsExperience required: Degree or other tertiary qualification, in computer science, information systems, informatics  or quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, finance, economics Advanced level of computer literacy in data and BI tools such as Metabase, BigQuery, Data Studio, Excel, and SQL Two or more years’ proven experience in data analysis and data visualisation Interest in learning about our clients, including industry, competitive landscape, marketing channels and strategic direction Strong attention to detail and accuracy Strong numerical and analytical skills Ability to produce reports and derive valuable insights and analysis Advantageous Experience: Experience with Hubspot and Freshdesk or similarThis is the first role of its kind at Jem, which presents enormous opportunities for growth and learning as we scale our data capabilities.BenefitsWhy you should join us:We’re on a mission to drive digital inclusion across workplaces in Africa and disrupt traditional payday lending (our current offering is 10x cheaper than all other payday loan solutions on the market).In our first 2 years, we created a responsible and frictionless wage access product saving our customers almost 100% of the average loan size in fees.We are now building an HR and Communications product to engage deskless workers and provide equal access to critical HR services. Currently, we operate nationally, with plans to scale across Africa to serve 10 million people by 2026. We were oversubscribed for our recent fundraise in 2021 which gives us a significant runway to scale our team and deploy a broader range of products. You’ll have the opportunity to use your expertise to shape the future of our product and drive our strategy to impact our success directly. What we’re doing has never been done before. As a team, we’ll work to solve complex problems and take ownership of what needs to be delivered. This will give you unprecedented growth and learning. Our commitment to you: We’re a focused and ambitious team that have chosen the startup life over corporate careers We’re optimistic and energetic, so we like to have fun but we push hard We are unfailingly transparent, and we value giving and receiving feedback from one another, our clients, and users People matter and we have a high degree of integrity We make data-informed decisions and we move fast We support flexibility and ensure that our people can work whenever and wherever (in SA) they perform at their best. Building relationships and collaboration is important to us so we do have awesome offices in Cape Town and Johannesburg, for those who prefer being together in an office Competitive pay, benefits, your choice of home office tech and 22 days of annual leave 
