
Our bottom line is different.There’s something special about working at ATB, and it’s been recognized on every top employer list that matters. Maybe it’s our exceptional culture where your total wellness is supported through market-leading benefits and you’re free to bring your whole self to work. Maybe it’s our commitment to a growth mindset and our unrelenting thirst for making it possible for fellow Albertans—even the ones who aren’t our clients.Whatever it is, you won’t find a more genuine, driven and knowledgeable group of humans anywhere. We foster a culture of purpose, performance and possibilities. We engage with intense curiosity, and bring our whole selves to work, every day. We know it starts with people like you, so take a chance and start with us.Job Number: REQ5784Location: Alberta #LI-Remote. While mostly remote, please note, there is a requirement to meet in person on a quarterly basisApply by: March 2, 2023Paygrade: K - OTHSystem Title:Data Scientist 6# Positions available: 1Leader Name: Director of Data ScienceAs ATB’s next  Data Scientist, you are a unique part of our Client Intelligence Analytics team of “in-house” insights generation specialists, which operate as internal consultants and as an expert in Sensing and Scanning. All projects undertaken are designed, implemented, analyzed and reported in-house. This intermediate level role, effectively maintains and improves our Client Obsessed Value data asset as well as participates in sensing and scanning activities as required. Reporting to the Director of Data Science,  the Data Scientist is an integral member of the team supporting customer obsession objectives. The Data Scientist will apply their skills to acquiring and analyzing operational and experiential data.  The Data Scientist will bring  an insatiable curiosity of customers, data, and behaviour with the desire to help expand knowledge and understanding of customer feedback to support the system of customer obsession.   What we expect from you:You manage the delivery of our Client Obsessed value program data structures and deliverables; working to evolve as the program needs or design changes Effective storytelling skills; presentation of information and ideas in a user-friendly and comprehensive format knowledge and expertise in business intelligence, analysis concepts, techniques and methods including a basic understanding of predictive analytics You conduct analysis from multiple large data sources and merge together experiential data along with customer data to gather a holistic customer picture Collaborate effectively with a variety of stakeholders: customer-facing employees, business managers, data scientists and information architects You provide monthly / quarterly analysis utilizing enterprise platforms such as Tableau RequirementsAs the ideal candidate you possess:You have experience using data transformation and manipulation (e.g., BigQuery, SQL, R, Python) Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in computer science, statistics, physics, mathematics, economics or a related field, recent graduate or 2-4 yrs work experience You’ve worked with different types of data infrastructures (e.g., data warehouses or data lakes) You have experience applying business logic and statistical techniques to data in order to develop and communicate customer insights from various data sources  You have some experience with Machine Learning and are curious to keep learning and improving your skills in this area You have some experience in cloud computing (AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Azure, etc..) and are curious to keep learning and improving your skills in this area You can take those intricate processes involved in manipulating and analyzing data, break them down, and turn them into something that is more efficient and robust Proven ability to translate complex data into smart, simple and focused insights At ATB, we know that as you develop in your career, you gain many transferable skills. If you believe your experience and qualities are a match for this position, please consider applying.Interested? If you know one of our team members, BEFORE applying, reach out to them and ask them for a referral link to help your application stand out.Online applications are preferred. Please let us know if you require any accommodations.BenefitsBe great. Be you. Believe.We are dedicated to building a workforce reflective of the diversity within our communities and creating an environment where every team member has what they need to reach their potential. We encourage candidates from all equity-seeking groups to apply.What happens next?Thank you for applying online. If you are shortlisted for this opportunity, you will hear from us after the posting close date regarding next steps. We might ask you to participate in a digital interview or phone interview. If you require any accommodations, please let us know.Stay in touch!   ATB is excited to know you’re interested in a career with us! Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram to get the inside scoop on what our team is up to.

