
Marco is a one-stop shop for all things business tech. Our employees are “movers and shakers” and our company is always striving to do what’s right. Does this sound like a culture you want to be a part of? We’re hiring a new team member to help take Marco’s technology further – working full-time, Monday - Friday, 8am-5pm. More about us. We do it all – from copy and print solutions to IT and managed services. We are an organization led by salespeople with 650+ engineers ready to fix any and all issues. We have offices in 12 states and service nationally. Join our growing team. You won’t regret it.The Senior Manager of BI and Data  Analytics is responsible for gathering, analyzing, interpreting, and  presenting information in ways that will help Marco make better decisions,  solve business problems, improve business performance, support team  decisions/ideas, challenge the status quo, and improve the customer journey.  The Senior Manager of BI and Data Analytics, under the direction of the Chief  Service and Automation Officer, will define the roadmap and priorities for the  enterprise-wide Business Intelligence & Analytics function.The Senior Manager of BI and Data  Analytics will leverage industry best practices to design and implement secure  and scalable solutions to meet the evolving needs of Marco. This role leads a  group of Data Analysts in support of all business intelligence requests (new  requests, break-fix requests, and maintenance support requests) and is  responsible for their growth, upskilling and ongoing development. The Senior  Manager of BI and Data Analytics will work closely with business function and  IS peers to align to a vision for BI and analytic services across all  performance-based metrics and reporting at an enterprise-wide level. 
Essential Functions
Guide and develop assigned Data Analyst staff under the right agile analytic operating model (people, process and tools) Manage the assigned department team members as follows:      Lead, coach and train team members.      Develop and implement strategic initiatives for team.      Be an escalation point of contact to handle issues and involve direct leadership as needed.      Monitor team coverage, oversee personal time off approval, make sure back-ups are in place and redistribute work to cover when 				   others are out.      Monitor staffing and equipment needs.     Conduct performance reviews and make compensation decisions.Utilize the landscape of technology (both existing and emerging) to provide the optimal user experience for business leaders to      interact with data and analytic insightsEnsure data integrity across all performance-based metrics and reportingWork with a diverse group of C-level and cross-pillar stakeholders to understand business problems and surface digital solutions to address those problemsDevelop executable plans to achieve business needs on time and to internal business user expectationsStay informed on industry business intelligence & analytics innovations and best-in-class practicesProvide thought-leadership with all matters related to business intelligence & analytics as a business partnerBuild strong cross-pillar relationships with business and IS stakeholders and teamsRequired Skills
Expert knowledge of business intelligence platforms (i.e., Tableau, Power-BI)Expertise  in industry-leading enterprise data practices/principles, platforms, and technologies (CI/CD, Automation – RPA, build-release engineering, advanced monitoring and data configuration management) from the customer value dimension (functionality, reliability, and convenience)Continuous expectation management around data & analytics program value through metrics that identify goals and progress being made organizationallyStrong relationship management skills with the ability to influence technology       vision/decisions at senior stakeholder level and across a global organizationDemonstrated ability to work/manage both data analysts/engineers and broader IS teams across a global IS organization Benefits: We’re not just competitive when it comes to business tech – we’re also pretty proud of what we offer our employees. Our benefits include medical, dental, and vision insurance. We also have paid holidays and vacation, 401k with generous company match, flexible spending accounts, employee purchase program, employer-paid life insurance, voluntary-term life insurance, short and long-term disability, critical illness and accident benefits, and pet insurance. Yes, we care about your furry family too.*all benefits are dependent on employment status    Equal Opportunity Employer /AA Employer/Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities Applicant Labor Law Posters

