
iubenda is a legal-tech scale-up founded in 2011, now trusted by over 90K clients in the EU, the US, and 100+ more Countries. We are leaders in our industry and operate on a global scale developing and releasing innovative tech solutions.Our mission is to provide our clients with everything their business needs - to be compliant with legal, local, and regional requirements; so that they can focus on their core product.Recently, we have undertaken a new thrilling adventure, joining forces with team.blue (a worldwide leader in digital enablement).If you're excited to work at a company in a scaling-up environment providing SaaS solutions to ~1M users - and equally important - to join a team of friendly people with a culture based on continuous learning, transparency, and collaboration. Then, you're looking at the right place!Your missionWe're looking for an enthusiastic Junior Data Analyst to join our Finance Team and be responsible for providing support in cost-controlling, budgeting and forecasting, and business reviews. You will report to our Financial Controlling Manager and will be in charge of:- Collection and analyses of data coming from different systems (i.e., data warehouse, databases, and web apps);- Drafting reports, presentations, and business analyses related also, but not only, to web analytics services through BI tools;- Carrying out activities aimed at cost-controlling, revenue recognition, and budgeting and forecasting;- Interacting with different teams, especially with the Software Development one.   Requirements- At least 1 year of experience in a similar role;- Sound knowledge of SQL databases (such as MySQL) and BI tools (such as Tableau or PowerBI);- Sound knowledge of at least one programming language, ideally Python;- Good Excel and Powerpoint skills (i.e., complex formulas and visual charts);- Familiarity with general economics concepts;- Full professional proficiency in English.Added Values- Previous experience in the Tech industry, possibly in a SaaS company; - Proactiveness and willingness to provide ideas and propose improvements;- Familiarity with statistics and predictive models.LocationAt iubenda we believe in full-remote. Accordingly, you will be completely free and entitled to work from wherever you prefer in the world.At the same time, at your disposal, you have our Bologna and Milan offices. Both are incredibly nice places to work from, located in the center of their respective cities. In case you would prefer to work from one of our offices and not remotely, we are currently offering a hybrid work model, to give you the chance for our colleagues to work from one of our offices up to 2 days per week.BenefitsCOMPETITIVE SALARY - We offer a competitive salary compared with other European scale-ups. We have high standards for finding the best people to join our team. Besides, we offer generous paid time off (+25 weekdays/year);WORK EQUIPMENT - We'll provide an equipment allowance so that you can perform at your best;LEARNING BUDGET - We'll sponsor your professional growth by providing a budget that can be used for courses, events, workshops, and books;COMPANY RETREATS - Once a year, we get together in amazing destinations to work, bond, and enjoy team-building activities. We offer fully paid week-long retreats to places like Val D'Orcia, Capri, the Dolomites, or the Tonnara di Scopello;TRAVEL ALLOWANCE TO VISIT A COLLEAGUE - We'll provide you with a travel allowance so that you can visit your colleagues based on the other side of the world;BRIGHT & HEALTHY WORK ENVIRONMENT - You will be part of a multicultural team full of talented, mature, and experienced colleagues. Along with that, you will find a team spirit, which you would rarely find elsewhere;THERAPY INCENTIVE - We offer online therapy sessions in English/Italian and anonymously. You will be able to choose among psychologists experienced in different approaches and specializations;ENGLISH CLASSES - We offer online English classes weekly, on several different levels, within working hours;REMOTE WORK - You can work 100% remotely or if you prefer, from one of our beautiful offices in Italy (in Bologna and Milan, both incredibly well-located and lovely places to work from). We are used and fully structured to onboard people who prefer to work full-time remotely. and lovely places to work from). We are used and fully structured to onboard people who prefer to work full-time remotely.Please send your CV in English.Want to know more about iubenda? Check us out at:iubenda.com | LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter

