
Company DescriptionIt all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are. Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Senior Product Data Scientist to join our Global Markets team and help build Cash App, the fastest growing financial app in the world, globally. Data Science is at the core of everything we do, and this is no different as we enter new markets. If the thought of trying to understand questions like, Who are our early adopters? Where are we growing in this country? What do we need for product market fit? How can we grow faster? excite you, then this is the role for you. In this role, it is especially important to be able to tell a powerful story, backed by data, to a broad range of team members, from product to operations, to help us be as successful as possible in new markets.As a PDS at Cash App you will:Work in collaborative team environments including Product, Marketing, Engineering, Design and Research to shape Cash App in new markets.Effectively communicate your work with team leads and cross-functional stakeholders on a regular basisAnalyze large datasets using SQL and scripting languages to surface meaningful/actionable insights and opportunities to the product team and other key stakeholdersApproach problems from first principles, using a variety of statistical and mathematical modeling techniques to research and understand customer behaviorDesign and analyze A/B experiments to evaluate the impact of changes we make to the productWork with engineers to log new, useful data sources as we build new product featuresBuild, forecast, and report on metrics that drive strategy and facilitate decision making for key business initiativesWrite code to effectively process, cleanse, and combine data sources in unique and useful ways, often resulting in curated ETL datasets that are easily used by the broader teamBuild and share data visualizations and self-serve dashboards for your product team QualificationsYou have:Intellectual curiosity and a passion for what Cash App is buildingAn appreciation for the connection between your work and the experience it delivers to customers3+years of data science and analytics experience in industryA graduate degree in the physics, economics, statistics, or a similar STEM field or Experience with scripting and data analysis programming languages, such as Python (preferable) or RAdvanced proficiency with SQL and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)Experience with cohort and funnel analyses, a deep understanding statistical concepts such as selection bias, probability distributions, and conditional probabilitiesExperience in a high-growth tech environmentTechnologies we use and teach:SQL (MySQL, Snowflake, BigQuery, etc.)Python (Pandas, Numpy)Tableau, Airflow, LookerAdditional InformationTo find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

