
Company DescriptionForth Point is a Data Science and Data Engineering company headquartered in Edinburgh UK with plans to grow a large team across EMEA in the next 5 years. The core aim of the business is to create the largest UK independent data and analytics specialist focused on delivering against the promise of the 4th industrial revolution. We believe that data that doesn't drive value is lost opportunity, and we are passionate about helping our clients drive better outcome through applied analytics.  The promise of the industry 4.0 is that connectivity between devices has the potential to deliver huge gains in productivity, efficiency, and innovation but without harnessing the power of this interconnected world, that promise will never be realised.  We are obsessed with delivering world class solutions to our customers through our network of industry leading partners. If this sounds like your kind of challenge, we would love to hear from you. Job DescriptionLife as a Data Science Lead at Forth Point  We are looking for someone who is ready for the next step in their career and is excited by the idea of solving problems and designing solutions using cutting edge tools. However, they also need to be aware of the practicalities of making a difference in the real world – whilst we love innovative advanced solutions, we also believe that sometimes a simple solution can have the most impact.   Our Data Science Lead is someone who feels the most comfortable around messy data, solving problems and answering questions. We place a high value on the ability to communicate and translate complex analytical thinking into non-technical and commercially oriented concepts, and experience working on difficult projects and/or with demanding stakeholders is always appreciated. Reporting to the Director of Data Science, and working closely with the Data Engineering team, this role will be responsible for driving high delivery standards and innovation in the company. Typically, this involves using data analytics and machine learning to conduct in-depth analysis which uncovers actionable insights and then reporting the findings back to stakeholders in a clear and relevant manner. As the Data Science team grows, mentoring junior analysts/data scientists and leading project teams will also form part of day-to-day functions. What can you expect from the role? Preparing and presenting compelling analysis findings to clients and senior stakeholders.Use a variety of analytical tools and methods to deliver regular reports and deep dive strategic analytics.Own multiple, projects end-to-end and manage the process and team of analysts, escalating blockers when required.Contributing to proposal submissions and business development initiatives under the direction of the Leadership team.Designing data science solutions end to end with appropriate time estimations and resourcing.Supporting the development of the data science team within Forth Point.Support in the road-mapping of analytical projects and consultancy. QualificationsWhat you need to have? Experience in designing data science solutions from concept through to evaluation with the ability to propose different approaches, pros and cons.Experience in leading and delivering multiple projects end-to-end, managing the data science solution and the team of analysts in a non-academic setting.Experienced in predictive modelling (supervised and unsupervised) and more complex techniques such as NLP, Computer vision or optimization using R, Python or similar.Presenting analytical results to clients and experienced in stakeholder management.Experience in managing teams helping shape the team by highlighting development opportunities.Nice to have Ability to work and process large amounts of data/experience working with cloud environments.Experience and working knowledge of relevant sectors (e.g. manufacturing, energy, public sector, automotive and utilities industries) is desired but not essential.Ability to be flexible with approaches, techniques and technology.Experience in data science consultancy and requirements gathering.Experience with proposal submissions and business development initiatives under the direction of the Leadership team.Ability to develop project plans including milestones, dates, owners, risks and contingency plans. Additional Information*No agencies please. 

