
About Us
At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Team
The Support Operations Group is a high-impact, team of software engineers, program managers, data analysts and product specialists. We are responsible for building intelligent automation systems that allow our customers to get maximum value out of the Cloudflare product. We provide tooling that enhances business efficiency for our internal customer facing teams while ensuring that our customers have a great experience at the forefront of all our efforts. 
We work in an environment with short iterations, clear success metrics and a sustainable pace. We are a small team meaning you will have the opportunity to make a substantial impact from day one.
What you’ll do
Our applications generate a lot of data and it's the Data Analysts responsibility to detect patterns, extract significance, and communicate results. You will be responsible for creating reports and dashboards used at the org, team, and IC level that identify business opportunities to deliver the maximum impact to our top level objectives. Data driven decision making is one of our core principals, and as a Data Analyst your efforts will directly help shape the direction of work for all teams in our organization. 
Responsibilities
As a member of a rapidly growing and evolving team, your responsibilities will include:
Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting of key performance insights that can be used by the Support team
Work closely with Support leadership to report on key business metrics to spot trends and answer important questions 
Help the product team to prioritize work by leveraging available data to identify high impact opportunities
Coordinate with cross-functional stakeholders including finance, HR, finance, and others to deliver data required for monthly business reviews 
Participate in the early stages of projects to ensure that we always have success metrics defined
Continue building a culture that is data driven and measurable decision making
Develop and maintain processes to organize and compare disparate data sets
Requirements
Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus
Previous experience with Big Query, Data Studio (Looker), Amplitude, Google Analytics and Tableau
Ability to handle multiple high priority initiatives with a keen focus on data accuracy, quality, and consistency 
7+ years experience in a business/data analyst role supporting customer-facing teams
Extensive experience creating compelling dashboards visualizations 
Critical thinking and the ability to deliver insights and recommendations based on the reports you will create
Strong communication and presentation skills
Self-starter with the ability to work independently
Stakeholder management and being able to work cross functionally
Bonus Points 
Computer Science background or equivalent technical skills
Previous experience in a technical support organization 
Expertise is creating effective visualizations in Data Studio for a stakeholders across multiple functional areas and levels
A knack for managing internal stakeholders across cross-functional teams, timezones and level
Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.
For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $112,000 - $136,000.
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area) and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of $129,000 - $157,000.
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of $135,000 - $165,000.
Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health & Welfare Benefits
Medical/Rx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility & Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance
Financial Benefits
Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life & Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan
Time Off
Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.

