
We are Assembly – and we’re not like the rest. We’re the modern alternative agency, bringing together industry-leading data, talent, and tech to Find the Change That Fuels Growth for the best brands on the planet, including LG, Adobe, Ralph Lauren, Moncler, Aesop, and more. Our diverse, global community of over 1,600 passionate experts combines global thinking with unmatched local expertise in more than 20 markets worldwide – enabling brands to engage and move consumers anywhere. We use STAGE, Assembly’s proprietary, privacy-centric data solutions platform, to surface powerful insights that transform into actionable brand opportunities. We’re at the cutting edge of new media, technology, and platforms embedded in the lives of today’s consumers, and we’re tapped into how culture and communities’ needs change. We do this while staying steadfast in our commitment to Leave the World Better Than We Found It through measurable social and environmental impact work.Assembly was named The Drum’s APAC Media Agency of the Year in 2021This role is a central position for the Hong Kong office as that person supports all the existing team on data and analytics topics. The role is also part of a larger regional data team that includes Analytics, BI and Data Science. The role is focused on analytics but not limited to it, the person will have the opportunity to work with SQL servers and cloud platforms. RequirementsWHAT YOU’LL BE DOING ON ANY GIVEN DAYThe BI Analyst will be responsible for; Support and coordinate with the web analytics team and BI team on day to day challenges encountered on datasets and perform different data analytics tasks on different platforms.   Assist senior team members to troubleshoot data discrepancy issues and solve ad-hoc requests from the clients.  With data managers’ guidance, manage reports and datasets from various channels and platforms, including (but not limited to) various mainstream media platforms such as Google and Bing, and analytics platform such as GA and AA.  This includes setting up processes to pull data from platforms and channels, managing data sources, processing and manipulating the data and consolidating data across multiple data sources in SQL databases Work with the team to manage, modify, QA, and incorporate any additional data sources upon clients’ data requirements.  Build, manage, modify and maintain dashboards.  Support regular reports and presentations with key findings, observations, data insights and recommendation  Create, manage and improve new or existing datasets where needed.   Addressing challenges or opportunities presented by clients or teams and creating bespoke solutions using technology  The role will have the potential to span all existing channels (including but not limited to display, paid social, organic performance, affiliates, content creation and localisation) as well as working on standalone propositions and new services centred around the use of structured data. DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?Must have good understanding of SQL and able to write queries   Strong analytical individual who enjoys lateral thinking and problem solving  Attention to detail with the ability to effectively troubleshoot issues across various data sources and platforms  Data driven approach to optimisation and testing to show full value of changes Proactive individual who is confident taking the initiative and working with colleagues across teams and departments Experience working with and consolidating multiple data sources (direct from engines, google sheets, FTP, HTTP etc.) Proactive, motivated, self starter and willing to learn  Fluent in English, any other language is a plus  BenefitsWHY ASSEMBLY?We’re part of Stagwell, the challenger network built to transform marketing. We’re nimble, smart, and digital-first, and we’re quickly growing to take on the biggest legacy hold cos. We care about your growth – we offer competitive salaries, annual compensation reviews, and keep detailed personal development plans to ensure you’re hitting your personal and company goals. We recognize and celebrate your success…all the time! Whether it’s through company meetups, employee recognition programs, or just a regular day, we make sure our people’s achievements are known and appreciated! We’re truly a people-first organization. That’s why we offer a Flexible Time Off policy that puts you in control of your work-life balance, as well as market-leading primary and secondary caregiver and parental leave policies. We care about social and environmental Impact – we have dedicated Impact Champions that collaborate globally to make sure we’re leaving the world better than we found it. We have an amazing group of employee resource groups committed to guiding the agency to become more inclusive, diverse, and representative of the world around us. Sound like the right role for you? Click to apply now!

