
Poshmark is the largest community marketplace for fashion where anyone can buy, sell, and share their personal style. With millions of shoppers and seller stylists, Poshmark brings together a vibrant community every day to express themselves and share their love of fashion.
Responsibilities
This person will be focused on providing analytics support and data insights to various teams. 
Provide data driven insights that lead to actionable business recommendations for key stakeholders in a simple, clear, and compelling manner. Understand and meet their analytics needs on a continual basis
Monitor existing metrics, analyze data, and partner with internal team members to identify opportunities for improvement
Perform exploratory data analysis to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and insights
Develop new or improve existing key metrics and performance indicators to evaluate business performance, and work with the Data Engineering team to implement the data collection needed
Think and work independently, demonstrate creativity, and deliver quick results, while demonstrating a team-player attitude  
Work effectively with cross-functional teams; learn and apply best practices from other teams and always strive for high quality deliverables
Maintain required documentation to ensure inventory of all key findings from trends and growth opportunities
Perform extensive QA to ensure the quality and integrity of data. Follow the standard process for reporting any issues identified and work with the appropriate Data teams to close any data issues
6-Month Accomplishments 
Familiarity with the Poshmark platform, key business stakeholders, and relevant KPIs
Gain expertise of Poshmark's internal data systems and platforms and the use cases for each
Contribute to projects by working on analyses and investigations with assistance from Manager and/or team members
Ensure that they build in time/process to QA data and insights
12+ Month Accomplishments
Able to take on projects more independently with support from manager wherever required
Develop insight and knowledge of long term trends and factors influencing the business  
Demonstrate ability to lead conversations with and present data-driven analysis to business stakeholders and partners
Requirements
1-3 years of analytics experience. 
Technical Skills
Expert knowledge of SQL and MS Excel. Exposure and familiarity with Python, R, Spark SQL preferred
Understanding of data modelling concept and partnering on building new DW tables
Hands-on data visualization experience through Looker or comparable platform strongly preferred
Knowledge of basic statistical concepts with emphasis on statistical hypothesis testing (t-tests, z-tests, etc.). Experience with A/B and multivariate testing is preferred
Soft Skills
Detail oriented and expert in both qualitative and quantitative analysis with a passion for delivering actionable insights to key stakeholders
Experience creating presentations in MS PowerPoint or a similar tool
Strong business acumen with aptitude to apply it critically towards solving problems
Excellent interpersonal skills — including written and oral communication skills
About Us
Poshmark is a leading social marketplace for new and secondhand style for women, men, kids, pets, home, and more. By combining the human connection of physical shopping with the scale, ease, and selection benefits of e-commerce, Poshmark makes buying and selling simple, social, and sustainable. Its community of more than 80 million registered users across the U.S., Canada, Australia, and India, is driving the future of commerce while promoting more sustainable consumption. For more information, please visit www.poshmark.com, and for company news and announcements, please visit investors.poshmark.com. You can also find Poshmark on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and YouTube.
Why Poshmark?
At Poshmark, we’re constantly challenging the status quo and are looking for innovative and passionate people to help shape the future of Poshmark. We’re disrupting the industry by combining social connections with e-commerce through data-driven solutions and the latest technology to optimize our platform. We’re nothing without our amazing team who deliver an unparalleled social shopping experience to the millions of people we connect each day.
We built Poshmark around four core values: 1) focus on people to create empowered communities that drive success; 2) together we grow to support each other to strive for our dreams; 3) lead with love to foster genuine connections built upon a foundation of respect; and 4) embrace your weirdness to accept and empower one another on their own unique journey. We’re invested in our team and community, working together to build an entirely new way to shop. That way, when we win, we all win together. Come help us build the most connected shopping experience ever.  We will set you up with comprehensive global and in-country benefits to support you and your family needs.
Poshmark is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

