
Company DescriptionSince we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place. Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. Whether it’s the food truck that’s establishing a brick & mortar restaurant, the former sole proprietor adding her first employees, or the entrepreneur expanding from one location to ten, as our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.Job DescriptionYou will join a growing team of machine learning engineers in Square’s Automation organization which is a cross-functional team that accelerates Square sellers’ path to value realization by making technology investments that reduce friction and cost and increase personalization across customer interfaces.Within the Automation org, the ML team works closely with Data Science, Data Engineering, Business Intelligence, Product Management and Software Engineering teams to inject intelligence and efficiency into Square’s direct communication paths with sellers.The team works on a range of complex problems including but not limited to product recommendation systems, opportunity ranking, call transcripts modeling and predicting the best time and medium of contact. These models directly empower the Sales and Account Management organizations at Square to maximize their ROIs.QualificationsYou will:Drive end to end cross functional machine learning projects: you will build relationships with partner teams, frame problem statements, collect and analyze data, research & build prototypes, and finally productionize your ML solutions by designing and building their full pipelinesStrengthen your knowledge by using and learning a diverse set of techniques spanning all aspects of machine learning, causal inference, and other forms of statistical modeling to solve important business and product problemsCollaborate with business leaders, subject matter experts, and decision makers to develop success criteria and develop new ML & data products, features and proceduresHelp build the next generation of data driven and intelligent products at SquareYou have:5+ years of industry experience in ML or a PhD in a related field with 2+ years of experienceFluency in Python and practical experience in applying CICD best practicesExcellent breath and depth in ML fundamentalsExperience in at least one of the following topics: Search, Recommendation Systems & Ranking.Experience with cloud-based ML pipelines on GCP or AWSExperience launching end-to-end production ML modelsExperience in automating internal business processes via data and ML solutions Experience in stakeholder management and cross-functional collaborationThe ability to clearly communicate complex concepts to technical and non-technical audiencesA strong desire to perform and grow in your roleEven better:A graduate degree in a technical field relevant to ML (e.g., Computer Science or other STEM fields)Experience with designing and evaluating A/B tests for newly launched modelsExperience building ML solutions for user facing teamsAdditional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $202,500 - USD $247,500
Zone B: USD $192,400 - USD $235,200
Zone C: USD $182,300 - USD $222,800
Zone D: USD $172,200 - USD $210,400To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

