
Codete is not just a software company, it’s a place where tech-enthusiasts can grow by doing what they love and feel valued for what they are. We’re experienced, agile and versatile: we work with a wide range of technologies in projects from many different industries, and the majority of our team are senior-level specialists.At Codete, there’s always something new to learn!Our client is a leader in consulting services with excellence competences in the areas of Digital Transformation and Data Strategy, focusing on Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Data Visualizations, CPM and Software Engineering. Through a unique experience and extensive knowledge of the various business sectors and functions, they help organizations of all sizes thrive and improve the way their business operates.We are looking for Data Engineer Professionals!Location: Remote from PolandTech stack: SQL, DBT, Snowflake, Apache Airflow, PythonSalary:Senior level: PLN 18,000.00 - PLN 27,000.00 net/month for B2BPLN15,000 - 22,400 brut/month for CoEMid level: PLN 10,000.00 - PLN 18,000.00 net/month for B2BPLN 8,300 - 15,000 brut/month for CoERequirementsWhat we are looking for3 years+ of proven experience for Mid level Engineers and 5 years+ for Senior Engineers Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in information systems/engineering, computer science  and management or related Proficiency in modelling and optimizing Data Warehouses with SQL – preferred basis  Experience in Cloud Data Warehousing (e.g. Snowflake, Amazon Redshift, Google  Big Query, Azure Synapse) Ability to model and optimize workflows (e.g. Apache Airflow, DBT)  Analytical, innovative and solution-oriented mindset Teamwork, strong communication and interpersonal skills Rigor and organizational skills Fluency in English (spoken and written)  Nice to haveAbility to implement custom APIs and connectors  Development capacity in Microsoft On-Prem (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)  Knowledge of automation services (e.g. Terraform, Azure DevOps, AWS Code Build,  Jenkins)  Knowledge of containerization technologies (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)  Knowledge of visualization technologies (e.g. Microsoft Power BI, Looker) Knowledge of Python  Cloud certifications  Experience in AGILE methodologies  BenefitsValues & Atmosphere• flexible attitude (including working hours) • international business trips • social events & awaydays • support for your ideasPersonal development• external conferences • technical & soft skills training • switching between projects/technology • English classes • internal libraryHealth & Relax• Employee Wellbeing Platform • private health care • multisport card • sports events • chill-out room • fresh fruits & juicerKnowledge & Culture• open source initiatives • Codete Mentorship Program • R&D departmentThe data controller of your personal data is Codete Global Sp. z o.o. with its seat in Kraków (30-527), Poland, ul. Na Zjeździe 11. The data will be processed for recruitment purposes. To learn more please read an appropriate section of our Privacy Policy (Personal data provided for recruitment purposes).

