

        Job Title 

        Senior Backend Engineer

        Job Description

        Responsibilities:
Compile and analyze data, processes, and codes to troubleshoot problems and identify areas for improvement.
Gather and address technical and design requirements, liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features
Collaborating with the front-end developers and other team members to establish objectives and design more functional, cohesive codes to enhance the user experience.
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Perform UI tests to optimize performance
Developing ideas for new programs, products, or features by monitoring industry developments and trends.
Participating in continuing education and training to remain current on best practices, learn new programming languages, and better assist other team members.
Taking the lead on projects as needed.
Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Skills and Requirements:
3+ years of experience in backend development. Experience working in a high-growth startup is a bonus
Proficiency in Django, and Python, In-depth knowledge of databases and data modeling.
Proactively reach out to reporting managers and take the initiative to implement new features and solve issues.
Analytical mindset with problem-solving skills and a keen eye for details
Ability to perform in a fast-paced environment and rapid changes in design/technology.
Efficient communication and leadership skills and willingness to work in a team. Must be able to inspire and mentor other developers in the team.
Above all, willingness to continuously learn and keep improving.
About the Company
        Inkle is an all-in-one SaaS stack for founders to access affordable, quality, US-licensed Certified Public Accountant services. We're on a mission to make accounting, tax and compliance easy, scalable, affordable and on-demand for global companies - using software.
We are a team of passionate and creative individuals who believe in the power of technology to simplify complex processes. We foster a dynamic, fast-paced and collaborative environment where everyone has a voice and the opportunity to make an impact. We are committed to diversity, inclusion and work-life balance.

        

        Contact Info
        Contact: https://fromcommunity.com/s/147283-senior-backend-engineer
            

            E-mail contact: hello@fromcommunity.com

            
            Web: https://fromcommunity.com/s/147283-senior-backend-engineer
            
        
