
SOLUTE, Inc., a Sigma Defense Systems company, is looking for an experienced former Senior JICO with Ship Combat Systems Technical Management experience is needed to join the Distributed Training Architecture (DTAS) team at Tactical Training Group Pacific (TTGP) to provide advanced tactical training to improve war-fighting proficiency of deploying ships, Amphibious Readiness Groups (ARG), and Carrier Strike Groups (CSG) through Fleet Synthetic Training.  Do you have experience with Combat Systems Data Management, including JICO and CTPM with a strike group or MOC? Want to continue to lead and apply your years of knowledge to make a difference to operational units? SOLUTE has an immediate fill for a full time Fleet Data Manager Subject Manager Expert to provide technical guidance, configuration support and training event planning and execution support during state-of-the-art synthetic exercises. Great team and great mission.Sigma Defense Systems is a leading technology company serving the Department of Defense (DoD), providing tactical communications systems and services for digital modernization since 2006. Through our acquisitions of SOLUTE in January 2022 and Sub U Systems in May 2022, we have expanded our software and communications hardware solutions to better support JADC2, C5ISR, SATCOM, and DEVSECOPS for customers in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force. Through a combination of hardware, software, and industry expertise, we provide a complete portfolio of solutions and services that accelerates information collection and sharing for faster decision making and better mission outcomes.We are a company of innovative professionals thriving in a highly motivating work environment that fosters creativity and independent thinking. If you are a motivated individual with a desire to support our service men and women, now is a great time to join Sigma Defense!To learn more about our company, find and follow us at Sigma Defense Systems LLC: Overview | LinkedIn.RequirementsPossess a Secret Security Clearance. Have twenty years Surface Navy experience including technical management as a Naval Officer supervising combat systems configuration, operation, maintenance, and repair. Have experience deployed as a Joint Interface Control Officer (JICO) with Strike Group or serving as a JICO with a Fleet Maritime Operations Center (MOC). Have knowledge of current TDL monitoring systems and troubleshooting techniques. Have experience conducting Common Tactical Picture Manager (CTPM) overseeing Common Operational Picture, Common Tactical Picture and Tactical Data Link Interfaces. Essential Job Duties:Candidate will be responsible for managing a team of up to five individuals. Certifying staff and scenarios before deployment. Preferred Experience:Tactical Data Link experience including Link 11 and Link 16  Experience working with Amphibious Ready Groups (ARG) 20+ years of experience using Link and Combat systems.  Qualified and active JICO/ICO experience. Salary Range: $140,000 - $155,000 annually. BenefitsDental and Vision Insurance Medical Insurance to Include an HSA Plan and HRA Plan Which Features a $6,000 Health Reimbursement Life and A&D coverage Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 401(k) Plan with Company Matching Contributions 160 Hours of Paid Time Off (PTO) with Carry-Over up to 240 hours 12 (Floating) Holidays Educational Assistance Highly Competitive Salary We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic.

