
Company DescriptionWe help the world see new possibilities and inspire change for better tomorrows. Our analytic solutions bridge content, data, and analytics to help business, people, and society become stronger, more resilient, and sustainable.Job DescriptionAccountable for leading application development supporting business objectives while demonstrating independence in software development lifecycle phases from concept and design to testing. Lead new and existing applications along with enhancements to applications and infrastructure. Perform hands-on coding while designing and architecting data processing and analytics solutions. Serve as a liaison to internal customers, research groups and various business support areas. Provides technical guidance to junior programmers and other software engineers. Ability to troubleshoot and maintain mid-level to complex applications. Completes all responsibilities as outlined on annual Performance Plan. Completes all special projects and other duties as assigned.  Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation. Qualifications2 years of proven experience in software development and system maintenance. Ability to learn and adapt to continuously changing technology. Demonstrated experience with N-tiered applications and multi-tier architecture. Experienced at developing elegant-yet-simple systems using best practices and design patterns. Experience with multi-threading, memory management, networking, I/O concepts, and performance aspects of common classes and algorithms. Proficient experience and understanding in the following technologies: Python, Linux, AWS (Athena, DynamoDB), Git, CI/CD. Understanding of object-oriented design concepts and software development processes and methods. Must have passion for development and latest technologies Demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Additional InformationIn 2022, Verisk received Great Place to Work® Certification for our outstanding workplace culture for the sixth year in a row and second-time certification in the UK, Spain, and India. We’re also one of the 38 companies on the UK’s Best Workplaces™ list and one of 18 companies on Spain’s Best Workplaces™ list.For over fifty years and through innovation, interpretation, and professional insight, Verisk has replaced uncertainty with precision to unlock opportunities that deliver significant and demonstrable impact. From our historic roots in risk assessment, we’ve grown to provide analytic insights that help transform industries focused on some of the world’s most critical areas. Today, the insurance industry relies on Verisk to be, and to make the world, more productive, resilient, and sustainable.Verisk works in collaboration with our customers and at the intersection of people, data, and advanced technologies. Through proprietary platformed analytics, advanced modeling, and interpretation, we deliver immediate and sustained value to our customers and through them, to the individuals and societies they serve, with greater speed, precision, and scale.We’re 9,000 people strong, committed to translating big data into big ideas. We help others see new possibilities and empower certainty into big decisions that impact individuals and societies. And we relentlessly and ethically pursue innovation to help move our customers, and the world, toward better tomorrows.Everyone at Verisk—from our chief executive officer to our newest employee—is guided by The Verisk Way, to Be Remarkable, Add Value, and Innovate.• Be Remarkable by doing something better each day in service to our customers and each other• Add Value by delivering immediate and sustained results that drive positive outcomes• Innovate by redefining what’s possible, embracing challenges, and pushing boundariesVerisk BusinessesUnderwriting Solutions — provides underwriting and rating solutions for auto and property, general liability, and excess and surplus to assess and price risk with speed and precisionClaims Solutions — supports end-to-end claims handling with analytic and automation tools that streamline workflow, improve claims management, and support better customer experiencesProperty Estimating Solutions — offers property estimation software and tools for professionals in estimating all phases of building and repair to make day-to-day workflows the most efficientExtreme Event Solutions — provides risk modeling solutions to help individuals, businesses, and society become more resilient to extreme events.Specialty Business Solutions — provides an integrated suite of software for full end-to-end management of insurance and reinsurance business, helping companies manage their businesses through efficiency, flexibility, and data governanceMarketing Solutions — delivers data and insights to improve the reach, timing, relevance, and compliance of every consumer engagementVerisk Maplecroft — provides intelligence on sustainability, resilience, and ESG, helping people, business, and societies become strongerAt Verisk you can build an exciting career with meaningful work; create positive and lasting impact on business; and find the support, coaching, and training you need to advance your career. We have received the Great Place to Work® Certification for the 7th consecutive year. We’ve been recognized by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer and a Best Employer for Women, testaments to our culture of engagement and the value we place on an inclusive and diverse workforce.  Verisk’s Statement on Racial Equity and Diversity supports our commitment to these values and affecting positive and lasting change in the communities where we live and work.Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.http://www.verisk.com/careers.htmlUnsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.HR CCPA Privacy Notice.pdfAt Verisk, the health and safety of our people is our number one priority.  Effective November 15, 2021, and subject to applicable law, all prospective hires for office based roles or roles that support any of our businesses’ government contracts will be required to demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date, or qualify for a legally-required medical or religious accommodation to this vaccination requirement, as a condition of employment. Hired candidates who do not demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date, and who have not been approved for a legally-required medical or religious accommodation will no longer meet the requirements for employment and their offers of employment will be immediately rescinded, in accordance with applicable law.

