
Company DescriptionGuardant Health is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through use of its proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Guardant Health oncology platform leverages capabilities to drive commercial adoption, improve patient clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs across all stages of the cancer care continuum. Guardant Health has commercially launched Guardant360®, Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 TissueNext™, Guardant360 Response™, and GuardantOMNI® tests for advanced stage cancer patients, and Guardant Reveal™ for early-stage cancer patients. The Guardant Health screening portfolio, including the Shield™ test, aims to address the needs of individuals eligible for cancer screening.Job DescriptionAs a Summer Intern – Cloud Platform Engineer in the Data Platform team you will be working to enable Guardant to conquer cancer through data. We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join us in improving and enhancing our Data Platform to support Guardant teams. At Guardant, we leverage the most advanced technologies and work with leaders in many different fields to create the most impactful and meaningful technologies for cancer management.  In this role, you will work directly in the Platform Engineering team which is the central team responsible for all Data assets development and helping the domain specific teams in delivering data solutions.Responsibilities:Work on a project, under the direction of software architects and senior developers, in building solutions to enable different technologies in the Platform Engineering group.Perform software development for various cloud-related rapid prototyping activities.Create automated data flows with data engineering best practices,transparency, and scalability.Learn about projects, tools, and technologies used across the enterprise.Collaborate with internal team members on data and model architecture decisions.QualificationsBachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or a related field with a graduation date between 2022 and 2023Strong Software engineering skills & Strong foundational understanding of software engineering principlesProficient in programming languages such as Python or ScalaFamiliarity with Infrastructure as Code principles , terraform IAC  will be a big plusShould be willing to learn AWS technologiesAbility to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environmentStrong communication skills, both written and verbalDetail-oriented and able to manage multiple tasks and prioritiesThis is a full-time internship opportunity for the summer of 2023. As an intern, you will have the opportunity to work with a talented and diverse team of professionals and gain hands-on experience with the latest technologies. This internship may lead to further opportunities within the company based on your performance and business needs. Additional InformationHybrid Work Model: At Guardant Health, we have defined days for in-person/onsite collaboration and work-from-home days for individual-focused time. All U.S. employees who live within 50 miles of a Guardant facility will be required to be onsite on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. We have found aligning our scheduled in-office days allows our teams to do the best work and creates the focused thinking time our innovative work requires. At Guardant, our work model has created flexibility for better work-life balance while keeping teams connected to advance our science for our patients.Covid Vaccination Policy:  Guardant Health requires all employees to be fully vaccinated. We follow the CDC guidelines for the definition of “fully vaccinated”, meaning an employee is consider fully vaccinated against COVID-19 after receiving the second dose of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccination, and necessary booster vaccines. In addition, fully vaccinated employees will be required to maintain their fully vaccinated status under this policy by obtaining, if applicable, any FDA-approved boosters. Candidates may request and obtain an approved exemption from Guardant’s COVID-19 U.S. Vaccination Policy as a reasonable accommodation, as consistent with applicable laws.  Candidates will not be able to start their employment with Guardant until they show proof of vaccination or have an approved exemption.For positions based in Palo Alto, CA or Redwood City, CA, the hourly range for this full-time position is Undergraduate $27/hr., Graduate $32/hr., and Doctorate $40/hr. The range does not include benefits and, if applicable, overtime, bonus, commission, or equity.Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including, but not limited to, job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. If you are selected to move forward, the recruiting team will provide details specific to the factors above.Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time.Guardant Health is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our hiring processes for candidates with disabilities, long-term conditions, mental health conditions, or sincerely held religious beliefs. If you need support, please reach out to Peopleteam@guardanthealth.comGuardant Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.To learn more about the information collected when you apply for a position at Guardant Health, Inc. and how it is used, please review our Privacy Notice for Job Applicants.Please visit our career page at: http://www.guardanthealth.com/jobs/

