
Are you already an experienced data engineer or a talent wanting to pivot your role from software engineering to data engineering? We are building a Data and IoT Center of Excellence in Finland, so now is a perfect time to join the team to build something big. You will get to work side-by-side with top-of-the-world experts in data and IoT development.At Nortal we help organizations harness the power of data and IoT with automated software solutions. Our software engineers are experts in building new hybrid applications in Cloud and Edge, and migrating legacy systems to this architecture. If you want to join an international and growing company, work in great and humorous teams without excess policies or hierarchies - then we have the perfect match for you! We are now looking for Data Engineers who want to work with innovative solutions and spread data integrations, cloud and DevOps/DataOps practices to our customers and within Nortal. In this position, you'll be collaborating closely with our customers. You get to work with innovative and well-known companies within the industry sector and help them harness the power of digitalization. Your role could e.g. be related to digitalizing factories and production lines making them intelligent, agile and data-driven, integrating data between core systems and connecting them in Azure, working on full data lifecycle.Nortal’s offices are located in Helsinki, Turku, Oulu, Uusikaupunki and Jyväskylä. This position can be worked from any of the previous, and we are pretty flexible with remote work as well.
Skills that help you succeed, drafted by your future colleagues: 
Experience on cloud and on-premise data solutionsGood knowledge in relational and non-relational databasesExperience in ETL and streaming pipelinesSoftware/API development experience (.NET)Working experience in Azure: Data Lake, SQL, Data Factory and Databricks, (or alternatively Synapse Analytics), Power BI, Event HubsFamiliarity with data infrastructure setup with IaC (ARM, Bicep or Terraform)Additionally, it is beneficial to be familiar with some of these topics:
IoT-data (time-series telemetry)Data modelingNetworkingData migrations, Data catalogs, Data warehouses, DDD (Domain-driven Design)Azure: Data Explorer, Cosmos DB, Functions, Service Bus, IoT Hub and IoT Edge, Digital Twin, Purview, DevOps CI/CDMicrosoft certificates are a big plus (Azure Data Engineer Associate, Developer Associate, Azure Database Administrator Associate, Azure Data Analyst Associate etc.) On top of everything else, here are a few other perks why to join Nortal. We are waiting for you! 😊
Flexible working in general; flexible hours, working either at our office downtown or remotely when you like. We even have a nomad program that enables you to work from almost anywhere in the world!Nice benefits such as support for learning (free digital library, opportunities for mentoring, participating in courses, support for gaining certificates etc.), massage, holiday apartment in Northern FinlandGreat colleagues to have lunch with, sing karaoke, go walking in the forest or even try archery. You are more than welcome to suggest any fun activities to do together!Interested?
Apply here or contact our recruiter Virpi directly: +358 40 6616 338 or virpi.kivinen(at)nortal.com. Feel free to call, text me, send a voice message, or then let’s grab a coffee. Whatever works for you!Virpi Kivinen

