
We keep the world moving by keeping risk out of the way. 
Everstream Analytics risk scores and predictive insights set the world’s supply chain standard, helping global companies turn supply chains into business-changing, market-shifting, competition-crushing assets. Removing the traditional blinders of traditional data – we offer more complete information, sharper analysis, and accurate predictions. Companies like Google, Schneider Electric, Unilever, and Campbell’s rely on Everstream Analytics to push their supply chains to be faster, smarter, safer, and sustainable!
What Matters Most to Everstreamers 
Doing our best, no matter what challenges lie in front of us. We’re sharp, focused, determined, and as a team, we’re unstoppable. Of course, we have values like “integrity” and “honesty”—that’s a given—but our core values run deeper:
Audacity | We are bold. We break through the status quo and do what others haven’t, can’t or won’t
Grit | We get the job done and keep going, so our customers can do the same
Optimism | We have a can-do attitude, and instead of saying “no”, we figure out how
Virtue | We do what’s right, the right way—especially when it’s difficult
Solidarity | When we celebrate each other and our differences, we all do better
 JOIN OUR TEAM
Everstream Analytics is looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data Science team. This position will be a key member of the Everstream Data Science Team. As a member of Data Science, you will join a dynamic team of people focused on our next generation product. We have an exciting opportunity to help shape how we use data to build models and generate actionable insights to give our customers a risk aware supply chain which will advance outcomes for the business and the industry. This role will partner closely with Product Development, Product Management, Risk Intelligence, and Marketing.
POSITION OVERVIEW
In this role, your focus will be to develop Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Natural Language Understanding (NLU) models, algorithms, simulations, and experiments that bridge operational needs with strategic vision. In addition, you will be responsible for identifying, collecting, and validating data sets that are both open source (via web scraping) and proprietary. You will learn current processes, build data backed solutions, automate solutions, launch your work to production, and audit implementation.  In the simplest terms, we want candidates who have experience building models to solve real industry problems that have been deployed in a real production software environment and where the model performance was really important.
Principal Accountabilities
Initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms for preliminary data exploration, data visualization and preparation, model training, and algorithm validation and verification using a comprehensive range of software packages and programming languages
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and/or exploit multiple structured data and unstructured data sets from various sources
Interpret and evaluate the results of data science community's methods and models and/or algorithms, understanding the limitation and scope of the results
Respond to difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities
Present information and results of analysis using data visualization techniques
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or a related field. Advanced degree is preferred. Equivalent work experience is also acceptable.
3+ years’ experience in building and delivering predictive analytics models using advanced machine learning algorithms and techniques such as: classification, outlier detection, clustering, boosting, and neural networks.
Good scripting and programming skills with experience using Python and other packages for data analysis
Practical knowledge in applying NLP and NLU concepts such as Topic Modelling, Topic Classification, Named Entity Recognition
Experience with analytical development tools including libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, PyTorch, and Spacy.
Self-starter with a curious attitude and a willingness to learn and master new technologies.
Ability to act easily in a global environment, with understanding of cultural differences and behavior.
English: both oral and written proficiency, with ability to clearly communicate technical results to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired skills
Experience with web scraping techniques and tools
Familiarity with knowledge graphs and entity resolution
Experience with more recent NLP techniques, such as Transformers or Hugging Face models
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, and Pig with experience in a Big Data environment.
Experience developing applications in AWS.
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.LI-AB1Thanks to our remarkable people we are at the forefront of change and bringing cutting-edge products and services to market. We focus on growth, so our people, our business, and our customers can achieve their full potential.  It takes determination, focus, and resilience to scale a high-growth, global business. We're looking for people intrinsically driven to create, build, solve, and push boundaries to deliver the unrivaled innovation and service our clients know and love. Everstreamers aren't afraid of ambiguity, changing priorities, shifting org structures, or pivoting to new strategies. They thrive on change and put in the effort to achieve the seemingly impossible. It isn't always easy, but it's always worth it. Does this sound like you? Grow your career at Everstream.

