
At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldn’t do this without hiring the best people. We’re a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether they’re trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? That’s us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. We’re a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to #LiveCrypto? Who you are:
You’ve got positive energy. You’re optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
You’re never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. You’re both an active communicator and an eager listener - because let’s face it, you can’t have one without the other. You’re cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. You’re not looking for a boring job.
You have a “can do” attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesn’t scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100% responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. We’re stronger together, and you’re a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase’s mission is to create an open financial system for the world, and our Machine Learning team at Coinbase accelerates this future by solving complex business problems and building differentiated experiences using ML
The Risk team within ML builds scalable, adaptive, blockchain-aware ML systems that enable Coinbase to effectively manage risk for its products and continue to build trust with its users.
We are looking for an entrepreneurial, self-motivated Senior Product Manager who thrives in a fast-paced startup environment. You will be comfortable dealing with ambiguity, able to think through complex challenges, and able to align cross-functional teams effectively to launch products. Knowledge and experience in AI/ML domains, ML platforms and infrastructure, or experience in building or launching ML-driven products is a requirement  
 
What you’ll be doing (ie. job duties):
Define a vision for how ML can be used to solve and automate Coinbase’s complex risk challenges
Build the 1- and 3-year strategies and help prioritize the roadmap to shape how ML Risk can expand its scope across all Coinbase products to reduce payment fraud losses and other risks
Work with counterparts in ML Engineering, and Data Science along with Product, Engineering, and Design in partner teams to build & launch core AI/ML capabilities
Build relationships with stakeholders and teams to help influence and drive successful outcomes.
Challenge existing status quo and push for new, effective, and scalable platform solutions.
 
What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):
Minimum of 7 + years of experience
Expertise in applied AI/ML, or AI/ML infrastructure technologies strongly preferred
Experience in Financial services / FinTech a plus 
Bachelor’s degree; Advanced degree preferred (MS or PhD)
Background in Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, or similar field a plus
Ability to build strategy, prioritize and deploy new innovative solutions with focus.
Keen analytical skills, awareness of the latest in payments and FinTech space.
Strong stakeholder management skills and excellent interpersonal skills.
Position ID: P29073
 
 
 
 
Pay Transparency Notice:  Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range from $201,450 to $237,000 + target bonus + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 

