
Research Engineer (Molecular Simulation), London or Lausanne 
This is an extraordinary opportunity to join a new Alphabet company that will reimagine drug discovery through a computational- and AI-first approach.
We are assembling a world-class, multi-disciplinary team who want to drive forward groundbreaking innovations. You will play a meaningful role in building this team, embodying an inspiring, collaborative and entrepreneurial culture.
The mission to accelerate the speed, increase the efficacy and lower the cost of drug discovery. You’ll be working at the cutting edge of the new era of ‘digital biology’ and advancing a new type of biotech that will deliver transformative social impact for the benefit of millions of people.
Your impact
This is a great opportunity to contribute to a new initiative, working closely with world leading computational chemists and AI experts to devise imaginative approaches to developing the next generation of medicines. As a Molecular Simulation Engineer, you will be foundational in the creation of an AI driven drug-discovery platform.
There is some degree of flexibility around the level of seniority in the position, but we are ideally looking for you to drive forward your own projects both individually and as part of a team.
What you will do
Spearhead the software development of a molecular dynamics and Monte Carlo simulation package that will expand our understanding of biomolecules.
Efficiently implement and test pioneering sampling methods and free energy calculation techniques that leverage and supplement machine learning approaches.
In partnership with engineers, researchers and product managers, integrate simulation-based solutions into the drug discovery platform and ensure they are robust, maintainable and easily used by scientists
Design software that performs well at scale on modern GPU hardware
Develop and implement these methodologies through internal / external collaboration
Skills and qualifications
Essential:
PhD in Physics, Chemistry, Computational Chemistry, Computational Biology, or equivalent experience in scientific research
Extensive experience in developing open-source and/or commercial software
Expertise in Python programming
A proven track record of methods development for molecular simulations and/or computational chemistry
Nice to have:
Experience with quantum mechanics software and methods
An understanding of statistical mechanics
Experience using the latest ML methods
Experience with running jobs on cloud-based infrastructure at scale
Familiarity with drug discovery
Hybrid working: It’s hugely important for us to be able to share knowledge and establish relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we’ve decided to follow a hybrid model, and would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week (currently Tue, Wed, and one other day depending on which team you’re in).  As an equal opportunities employer we are committed to building an equal and inclusive team. If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.
 
Isomorphic Labs welcomes applications from all sections of society. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of age; disability; gender reassignment; marriage and civil partnership; pregnancy and parental; race; religion or belief; sex; sexual orientation or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.
 
It would be helpful if you could answer the following questions. Your application won't be effected by the answers you provide, the information is helping us to understand the profile of individuals interested in joining IsoLabs.
Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our privacy policy.
 
>> Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs

