
About Us: Merlin is an early-stage autonomy company, building software to control sophisticated transportation systems. Our mission here at Merlin Labs is to develop hardware and software solutions that deliver the capability for aircraft to fly useful missions autonomously and safely. Our first product will be a certified system to bring automation to existing fixed wing aircraft. We’re backed by some of the top institutional venture capitalists in the country, our headquarters are located in Boston with hubs in Denver, Los Angeles and the Mojave Desert. Come join our diverse, world class team, made up of people from places like Google, Airbus, Boeing, UTC, the US Navy, and the US Air Force.All of the sky, none of the limits! About You:Are you interested in natural language processing and looking for applications of this technology that truly enhance the world you live in? Would you like to apply the skills you are learning at school to advance developing technology?  If so, you might be a good fit as a software intern on the natural language processing team here at Merlin Labs.The Role: Help develop and analyze a limited-domain natural language understanding and dialog system for communicating with air traffic control over radio frequencies. 
Depending on your interests, you may work on one of the following problems:
Analyze data from flight tests and make recommendations for system improvements based on resultsWrite scripts to help automate data analysis Improve existing and/or develop new validation and transcription toolsHelp develop a prompted response system for ATC conversationsQualifications:
Will have completed junior year of bachelors by june 2023 or enrolled in master’s program studying computer science, natural language processing, machine learning or related fieldFluent in pythonExperience with GitHub, PyTorch, WandB, or Tensorboard are a plusBonus: 
Familiar with current natural language technologies, such as neural language models in the family of BERT, GPT, CodeT5, and XLNetFamiliar with natural language generation evaluation metrics such as METEOR, BLEU, and ROUGEBackground in aviation or familiarity with air traffic controlMerlin Labs offers an innovative, entrepreneurial, and team-focused startup environment. We also offer a top-notch benefits package (health, dental, life, unlimited vacation, and 401k with match) and work/life integration. Being part of the Merlin team allows you to become part of a small team that supports professional development while working together to achieve our mission.Merlin Labs is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. All job offers are contingent upon the candidate passing background, export control and reference checks. Merlin Labs does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from candidates.

