
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionAbout Global Commercial Payments PlatformWe are working on multiple technology stacks and want to add a highly motivated Engineer to our Commercial Payments organization in Atlanta, GA. Visa's Commercial Payments organization is responsible for managing Visa's B2B Payment Global adoption on Cross-Border funds movement, innovation agenda and the management of strategic partnerships with critical financial institutions. This group is responsible for defining and building the Non-Card based payment innovation and product for Visa Inc. Globally. This includes:Distributed-Ledger based Cross border payment platformNear time Settlement Enterprise ID stamping to create a digital identity for corporate entitiesHyperledger chain-code developmentEnd-to-End Payment eco-system Analytics and Data visualizationYou can learn more about our work here:Visa B2B Connect Launches in 32 CountriesVisa B2B Connect Launches GloballyEssential FunctionsArchitect complex distributed systems at scale, providing secure, reliable and fault tolerant solutionsWork on architecting, designing and implementing and maintaining data pipelines, workflow and state machine management Designing big data, streaming, distributed messaging solutions to meet the functional/non-functional business requirementsCollaborate with project team members (Product Managers, Engineering Leads, Data Scientists, Project Managers, etc.) to lead in the design, development, test, deployment and maintenance of data driven software.Participate in re-architecting of data services in order to  build a state of the art Data meshPresent technical solutions, capabilities, considerations, and features in business terms. effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner.Design and Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, loading and integration of data from a wide variety of data sources, both internal and external to VisaActively mentor and coach team members on advanced technical issues, govern best practices, helping them to grow their skill setParticipate in design and code review sessions as appropriate, to ensure the quality of work delivered by teammates are in accordance with development standardsEstablish the technology roadmap and strategy within the team and across the organizationDevise enterprise strategies around containerization, container orchestration and API Management, and design data replication architectureThis is a hybrid position. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.QualificationsBasic Qualifications:• 12 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 10 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters/MBA /JD/MD), or a minimum of 5 years of work experience with a PhDPreferred Qualifications:•  15 or more years of experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or 12 years of experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, or MD), PhD with 9+ years of experience  in Computer Science or related technical field• 10+ years of experience building highly available and fault tolerant distributed systems• Expertise in at least two of the following general purpose programming languages: Java/Go/Scala/Python/JavaScript• Experience working in Unix/Linux environments, Open source technologies, client-server apps• Experience designing data architecture for multiple database models such as Relational DBMS, Document, Columnar and Key-Value Data Stores• Experience working with Stream processing Systems such as Storm, Spark-Streaming and Kafka Streams.• Experience working with big data and messaging platforms: Kafka, Flink, Spark, Hadoop, RabbitMQ• Experience writing code in multiple programming language paradigms such as Object-Oriented and Functional Programming Languages• Exceptional Communication skills• Excellent problem solving skills• Familiar with container strategies and ecosystems such as Docker, Kubernetes• Knowledge of cloud architecture and scalable solutions including service and container orchestration• Experience building and working with Microservices architectures• Strong verbal and written communication skills presenting ideas and designs with both technical and non-technical audiences• Knowledge of designing and implementing modern CI/CD pipelines with cloud native toolsets• Working knowledge of In-memory Data Grids and Caching Platforms: Hazelcast, Redis• Experience in Trade Finance, Equities, Payments Processing, Wholesale Credit is a plus• Understanding of data integration patterns, frameworks and concepts is a plusU.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is   163,500 to 212,500  USD, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable).  Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity.  Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.  Additional InformationWork Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.
Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.
Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The
    position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently
    operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.
Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
    color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran
    status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner
    consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.
Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable
    local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.

