
The companyOutrider is a software company that is automating distribution yards with electric, self-driving trucks. Our system eliminates manual tasks that are hazardous and repetitive while it improves safety and efficiency. Outrider’s mission is to drive the rapid adoption of sustainable freight transportation. We are a private company founded in 2018 and backed by NEA, 8VC, Koch Disruptive Technologies, and other top-tier investors. Our customers are Fortune 200 companies and our autonomous trucks are already running in distribution yards. For more information, visit www.outrider.aiThe Role Come and join the Deep learning Data team at Outrider! This is your chance to tackle real-world challenging data for deep learning problems. We build frameworks for data (vision, lidar, radar) to search, analyze, visualize and feed our deep learning stack. You will join a team of laser-focused engineers and work alongside great talent.See you here!
Duties & Responsibilities
Enhance our ability to ingest TBs of data dailyWork with our Modeling team and 3rd party labelers to source ground truth annotationsUnlock insights into our deep learning label qualityRequired Qualifications
Ambitious, self-starterHigh degree of comfort with PythonComfortable with SQLExperience with GitIdeal Qualifications
Comfortable with DockerExperience with AWSExperience with visual Deep LearningExperience with ROSAt Outrider, we believe in cultivating an environment where there is diversity of perspectives, experiences, and knowledge with the expectation that we thrive in an inclusive environment. Outrider is committed to a workforce where everyone's opportunities are limitless regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any others that are protected by law.To protect yourself against the increasing number of recruiting scams, please make sure that you are communicating with Outrider Technologies, Inc. or one of its employees.  The only way to communicate with us is through our corporate website at www.outrider.ai, through corporate emails utilizing our domain name of @outrider.ai, and through our job board at jobs.lever.co/outrider. Be vigilant when checking domains because imitators often make very small changes to trick the eye. Additionally, please know that Outrider does not use text messaging or public messaging platforms, such as Telegram or Whatsapp, to communicate with candidates and Outrider will never ask an employment candidate for financial information or for payment of any kind.

