
Company DescriptionIt all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic ecosystem, developing unique financial products, including Afterpay, to provide a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our 47 million monthly active customers. We want to redefine the world’s relationship with money to make it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward innovation, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers!Job DescriptionThe Senior Data Analyst will ensure the 500+ person operations organization has the data and tools needed to meet internal and regulatory SLAs across all programs and workflows. They will become an expert in the operations workflows and the trade offs between keeping bodies of work in house vs. outsourcing, and will partner closely with compliance leadership to communicate forecasts, hiring needs, and employee allocation among the different workflows. The Compliance Analytics team has built a capacity model, which uses historical and real-time data to predict the volume of compliance investigations that will be required for the next 12-15 months. The Senior Data Analyst will bring theory into practice, and own the operationalization of our capacity model. This entails:Working closely with operations managers to ensure that they are able maximize the efficiency of their team while meeting the ever-changing demand for compliance reviewBuilding a feedback loop between operations and the compliance analytics team to determine when updates are needed for the capacity modelProviding feedback and assisting with improvement of the capacity model, keeping in mind the tradeoffs between precision and simplicity/explainability.The Senior Data Analyst will also own metrics & reporting for capacity model performance. This entails:Presenting reporting & trend analysis to the Block Chief Compliance officer on a monthly cadence. Use this forum to identify areas of opportunity and risk to the broader operations and leadership team, and implementing process improvement and targeted programs to address problem areas immediatelyMeasure the impact of any workflow changes or proposalsDevelop and test methodologies to account for agent productivity trends from how long it takes to ramp to maximizing efficiency.QualificationsYou have:Experience: 4+ years working in data analytics, with prior workforce planning experience an advantageExpert spreadsheet skillsAdvanced SQL skillsExperience with data visualization tools such as TableauTraits: Strategic planning, problem-solving, analytical skills and the ability to balance multiple tasks simultaneously. Excellent interpersonal skills and integrity with a bias towards customer centricityAbilities: Strong intellectual curiosity, and the ability to work both independently and as a team to provide solutions to complex problems, advanced analytical skills, ability to create variance and what if analysis as neededSchool: 4-year college degree with a major in an analytical or technical field or equivalent combination of education and experience preferredAdditional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be modified in the future.
Zone A: USD $138,200 - USD $169,000
Zone B: USD $128,500 - USD $157,100
Zone C: USD $121,700 - USD $148,700
Zone D: USD $110,600 - USD $135,200To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

