
We partner with the world’s most valuable brands to build digital solutions that transform businesses. As a digital native, we bring a 27-year track record of accelerating business impact through complete and scalable digital solutions. With a global presence of 7,000+ professionals in strategy, research, data science, design and engineering, we unlock top-line growth, improve customer experience, and drive operational efficiency.Data ScientistWe are looking to hire an experienced Data Scientist to join our team. This is a full time and 100% remote opportunity. No C2C please. Must be located in the United States. Project Overview: The project uses machine learning for natural language processing (NLP) to turn unstructured documents into structured, useful data. You will be reading official documents from county and state offices and extracting things like names, addresses, and other legal terms.QualificationsExperience with state-of-the-art techniques in machine learning algorithms, including deep neural networks, transformers, NLP, computer vision, and ensemble methods (Nonnegotiable)Experience using Python to build ML pipelines. (Nonnegotiable)Experience working with Tensorflow and/or PyTorch libraries.Experience in developing and tuning neural networks is a plusExcellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.Very good experience in querying databasesCI&T is an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate and appreciate the diversity of our CI&Ters’ identities and lived experiences. We are committed to building, promoting, and retaining a diverse, inclusive, and equitable company and culture focused on creating a better tomorrow.At CI&T, we recognize that innovation and transformation only happen in diverse, inclusive, and safe work environments. Our teams are most impactful when people from all backgrounds and experiences collaborate to share, create, and hear ideas.We strongly encourage candidates from diverse and underrepresented communities to apply for our vacancies.

