
About KnowBe4
KnowBe4, the provider of the world's largest security awareness training and simulated phishing platform, is used by tens of thousands of organizations around the globe. KnowBe4 enables organizations to manage the ongoing problem of social engineering by helping them train employees to make smarter security decisions, every day.
Fortune has ranked us as a best place to work for women, for millennials, and in technology for four years in a row! We have been certified as a "Great Place To Work" in 8 countries, plus we've earned numerous other prestigious awards, including Glassdoor's Best Places To Work.
Our team values radical transparency, extreme ownership, and continuous professional development in a welcoming workplace that encourages all employees to be themselves. Whether working remotely or in-person, we strive to make every day fun and engaging; from team lunches to trivia competitions to private parties at theme parks, there is always something exciting happening at KnowBe4.
Remote positions open to the US only.
The Analytics Engineer sits at the intersection of Data Analytics and Data Engineering, and is responsible for bringing robust, efficient, and integrated data models and products to life. This role owns the data transformation layer - making sure data is ingested, transformed, scheduled, and ready to be used for analytics. The successful Analytics Engineer speaks the language of business teams and technical teams and is able to blend business acumen with technical expertise and transition between business strategy and data development.
Responsibilities:
Writes high engineering quality SQL and Python based transformations running in cloud data warehouses (in ELT fashion)
Serves as the responsible individual for major sections of the Enterprise Dimensional Model through model design, code development, reviews, pairing, and training to deliver optimal and scalable database designs and queries
Requirements:
BS or equivalent plus 3 years experience
MS/Ph.D. or equivalent plus no experience
Assemble huge, complex data sets in order to suit business needs
Knowledge of ETL data pipelines, structures, and data sets, as well as how to develop and optimize them
Design and document core data model used by downstream analysts and business users
Advanced knowledge in SQL and Python programming
Ability to design and maintain data models to support analysis and visualization
Understanding of software engineering best practices including version control, continuous integration, etc
Identify, develop, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, improving data delivery, and, if necessary, re-designing infrastructure to increase scalability
Working knowledge of Snowflake and dbt is a bonus
The base pay for this position ranges from $95,000 - $105,000, which will vary depending on how well an applicant's skills and experience align with the job description listed above.Our Fantastic Benefits
We offer company-wide monthly bonuses, employee referral bonuses, 401k matching (US), fully paid medical insurance (US), open/generous paid time off (length varies by country), parental leave (length varies by country), adoption assistance, tuition reimbursement, certification reimbursement, certification completion bonuses, gym benefits, and a relaxed dress code - all in a modern, high-tech, and fun work environment. For more details about our benefits, visit www.knowbe4.com/careers/benefits.
Note: An applicant assessment and background check may be part of your hiring procedure.
Individuals seeking employment at KnowBe4 are considered without prejudice to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please visit www.knowbe4.com/careers/request-accommodation.
No recruitment agencies, please.

