
Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators. 
At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device. We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there. 
A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.About the Role
Why Data Science & Analytics?
The Data Science & Analytics organization's mission is to increase our speed, frequency and acumen of making decisions at scale by instilling a data-influenced approach to building products. We cover a wide area of the data spectrum including analytical data engineering, product analytics, causal inference, economics, statistical modeling and machine learning. Aligned and partnering with product verticals, we use this extensive toolbelt to discover new opportunities and unmet use cases, influence and shape the product roadmap and prioritization, build data products and measure impact on our community of players and developers.
Why Communications? 
Roblox is a social platform with billions of friendships. Our company vision is to connect a billion users with safety and civility. As our Social Communications team covers all forms of communication, coexperience, and communication safety, their work is foundational to achieving this vision. As a Senior Data Scientist within our Communications organization, you'll leverage statistics, exploratory analysis, modeling, and experiments to develop and drive the strategic direction of your partner UX, UXR, Product, and Engineering teams that are missioned to enable safe and civil communication on our platform.
You Are:
Passionate about data. You have the curiosity and self-drive to continuously learn new techniques and tools to extract value from data. You have a degree in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other relevant fields.
A strong communicator. You understand that analysis must be presented meaningfully and engage in spirited discussions about the findings. You can explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Well-verse in experimentation and causal inference. You'll drive rigor in experimentation, and leverage cutting-edge causal inference methods when network effects are at play.
Experienced in developing models to draw insights from data. You use regression, data mining, and other statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions to solve challenging business problems. You understand when to apply the appropriate methodology to maximize impact pragmatically.
A capable statistician. You understand the value of characterizing data by its distribution. Covariance, Bias, and Conditional Probability are concepts that you rely on every day.
An expert transforming data with SQL and a scripting language such as Python or R. You're experienced in automating efforts and crunching massive volumes of data.
You Will: 
Develop and drive strategies for improving communication safety Roblox.
Inform nuanced ML projects focused on reducing toxicity and enabling mod efficiency with offline analysis.
Drive highly XFN initiatives with product, moderation and infrastructure teams to reduce our cost-to-serve.
Design and evaluate A/B experiments to determine the success of product feature launches
Establish foundational reporting; partner with engineers to scale foundational data sets to drive insights
Build statistical, data mining, and machine learning models
Accelerate product development by understanding the underlying data and partnering with product and technical leaders to provide insights that inspire innovation and improve the product experience
Report directly to the Director, Data Science on the User Group team
You Have:
4+ years of industry experience in Data Science and Analytics
4+ years of experience using big data query/processing languages such as SQL, PostgreSQL, Hive, or Spark to transform/manipulate extensive datasets
4+ years of experience in one or more scripting languages such as Python or R
6+ years of industry experience in analytics focused on enhancing products and driving innovation
BA/BS and/or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Applied Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or other technical fields
Experience building a team from scratch as an individual contributor
Experience working with content platforms, specifically user-generated content
Ability to use analytics results and data storytelling to influence product teams and leaders
For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the actual salary could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future.  All full-time employees are also eligible for equity compensation and for benefits.Annual Salary Range$253,430—$310,270 USDYou’ll Love: 
Industry-leading compensation package
Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage
A rewarding 401k program
Flexible vacation policy
Roflex - Flexible and supportive work policy 
Roblox Admin badge for your avatar
At Roblox HQ: 
Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks
Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit
Annual CalTrain Go Pass
Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

