
About RoktRokt is the global leader in ecommerce technology, helping companies seize the full potential of every transaction moment to grow revenue and acquire new customers at scale. Fanatics, Live Nation, AMC Theatres, PayPal, Uber, Hulu, Staples, Lands’ End, and HelloFresh are among the more than 2,500 leading global businesses and advertisers that use Rokt's solutions to drive more value through every transaction by offering highly relevant messages to their customers at the moment they are most likely to convert.  With our December 2022 secondary transaction, Rokt’s valuation increased to $2.4 Billion. We are expanding rapidly and globally – operating in 14 countries across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region with the largest office in NYC and a major R&D hub in Sydney. With 50% annual growth and a vibrant company culture, Rokt has been listed in ‘Great Places to Work’ in the US and Australia. Our award-winning culture is guided by our eight core values: smart with humility, own the outcomes, force for good, conquer new frontiers, enjoy the ride, raise the bar, communicate with impact, and disagree then commit. These values help us attract, engage, and develop the right talent around the globe and ensure we foster an environment that helps us all do our best work. Keen to join a fast-growing company and a vibrant culture? Learn more at rokt.com.RequirementsAbout the roleRokt is hiring a Senior Analytics Engineer to join our Analytics team. We are a data driven company, and data is at the heart of all of our decision making. We are looking for someone who will help the business innovate and grow through comprehensive and actionable data driven insights. As a Senior Analytics Engineer, you will play a key role in helping Product and GTM teams enhance the value they create for our partners and advertisers through building curated datasets, drive best practices in analytics engineering, and create pipelines leveraging tools like dbt, Hubspot, Redshift, AWS and the Google Suite to build innovative solutions that are usable by analysts, data scientists, and business stakeholders. You will be expected to leverage your business acumen, analytical modeling skill, and communication to drive a variety of impactful initiatives. You will also be expected to own and develop new pipelines and data tools, track performance, build actionable analytical and speed layers, and leverage our ETL tool to teach analysts how to build and maintain advanced data pipelines of their own. An ideal candidate will develop data products that scale, be proficient with analytics engineering concepts, and communicate in a way that makes pipelines and models easy to interpret by analysts as well as technical stakeholder teams. Responsibilities Build and maintain scalable dbt models to increase their speed and accuracy of analyses and models owned by analysts and data scientists Develop comprehensive testing, alerting, and validation mechanisms to ensure data standardization Build data quality mechanisms on key datasets and own critical reports Improve accuracy of reports by developing and governing data sources that aggregate information from disparate data sources Build analytical and speed layers for analysts to pull information from directly Own multiple automation pipelines that automate data extraction and publishing to/from Hubspot, GSheets, and S3 Partner closely with analysts and data engineers to set best practices across our data stack Own scenario data tools that enable GTM to make complex decisions Develop data catalogs and document data sources RequirementsBachelor's Degree in Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or an equivalent quantitative field 5+ years of experience in Analytics; 2+ years of experience in analytics engineering or data engineering Familiarity with Redshift  Deep SQL skills and proficiency in working with big data and ETL management Autonomous, detail-oriented, and comfortable with breaking down ambiguous problems to develop data products Experience with dbt and Airflow a strong plus Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau a plus Good project management and communication skills Autonomous, with strong stakeholder management experience  Team player who positively contributes to the culture of the Analytics team and Rokt Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, or an equivalent quantitative field 6+ years of experience in Analytics 3+ years of experience developing pipelines and data products 2+ years of experience with dbt and Airflow Expertise in data mining and analytical engineering Python experience strongly preferred Experience communicating results and business impact of new data constructs to analytical teams and downstream stakeholders Benefits Safety is our highest priority. We actively invest in the growth of our people and the strengthening of our communities. Our NYC office is 100% vaccinated to keep our employees and community safe and healthy. We require all Rokt’stars and anyone else who will be onsite at the Rokt NYC office–clients, contractors, vendors, and suppliers–to show proof of vaccination and their booster shot.  Work with the greatest talent in town. Our recruitment process is tough but diligent. We’re constantly aiming to implement our value of “raise the bar” and set high standards for our Rokt’stars. This is essential in our high-performing, high-grow culture where we strive to bring in the brightest and best talent. Our teams thrive by challenging the status quo and we encourage all of our teams to unleash their desire to achieve something bigger.  Join a community. At Rokt we’re a community of curious explorers. We’re not afraid of venturing into uncharted territories. We work together as one single, aligned team. We value diversity and transparency which is why we support a number of internal employee resource groups including an EDI steering committee, Rainbow Rokts that empowers our LGBTQIA+ Rokt’stars, Womxn who Rokt that promotes gender equality in tech, and more.   Accelerate your career. We want you to unleash your full potential. This is why we have an annual ‘Level Up’ allowance of $5,000 that gives Rokt’stars the ability to take courses, attend events, go to training, and more to help our great employees become even better leaders.   Take a break. When you work hard, we know you also need to rest. We offer generous time off and parental leave policies, as well as mental health and wellness days for all employees. We even incentivize individuals to utilize their PTO with “High 5” days, an additional 5 days of PTO when you’ve used 75% of your allotted annual paid leave. We also offer a paid Rokt’star Sabbatical for employees who have been with us for 3 years or more.  Stay happy and healthy. In order to unleash our potential, we want to ensure you’re able to keep your wellbeing a priority. This means you can enjoy a well-balanced, catered lunch 5x a week in the office along with healthy snacks. We also want you to feel at home when coming into work which is why we’re a dog-friendly office so you can bring your furry friend to work with you. As part of your wellbeing benefits, we offer a wellness stipend so you can enjoy the gym on us! In the US, access generous retirement plans like a 4% dollar-for-dollar 401K matching plan and get fully funded premium health insurance for your entire family!   Become a shareholder. All Rokt’stars have stock options. If we succeed, everyone is rewarded.   See the world! We want our Rokt’stars to enjoy the ride. As we aim to bring meaning and fun to our everyday work, we host global all-staff events in amazing locations (Phuket, Thailand in January 2020, Hawaii in May 2022, and Whistler in 2023). As we strive to build a community of curious explorers, we also offer generous relocation packages for those interested in moving to another Rokt office. We have bustling offices in great cities including: New York, Sydney, London, Singapore, and Tokyo.   We believe we’re better together. We love spending time together and are in the office most days (most teams are in the office 3-4 days per week). We also get that you need to balance your life and your commitments so you have flexibility to manage your own hours and can spend up to a week of every quarter working from anywhere.  We believe in equality. Rokt is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we know our collective strength comes from how different we all are. We encourage you to apply for one of our open roles—irrespective of socio-economic status or background, age, gender identity, race, religion, sexual orientation, color, pregnancy, carer/family responsibilities, national and social origin, political opinion, marital, veteran, or disability status. #LI-Hybrid Compensation: $165,000 - $185,700 yearly + equity + (great) benefits! 

