
Company DescriptionSince we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place. Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Risk Machine Learning & Decision Science team. You'll build processes and controls to root out high-risk fraudulent activity across the Square platform. You will also manage top level Risk KPIs, establish core operational metrics, formulate strategy and implement controls to detect and prevent fraud on the platform. Apart from working on fraud problems that pose a direct financial risk to our Sellers and to Square, this role will also focus on detecting and rooting out abuse of our customer messaging capabilities (e.g. email marketing, invoices, chat etc.) for the purpose of phishing, scams or spam. You will lead experiments to measure the effectiveness of our strategies. You will partner with product, engineering, risk operations/policy and sales teams to influence Squares global Risk road map and processes. You will define, set targets for and own key metrics around financial fraud and messaging abuse and be responsible for strategies to achieve the targets. You WillDiagnose problems and develop compelling, data-driven recommendationsDevelop and maintain multiple data pipelines and ETLsPartner with Product, Engineering, and operation teams to design solutions to business problems, influence product roadmaps, and solution new products/processesHave a chance to use machine learning tools to develop data-driven solutions.Promote creative risk solutions through third-party evaluation and integration with a focus on improving the seller experienceDevelop executive presentations for Squares leadershipQualifications5+ years of relevant experience post Bachelors degree (or Masters with 3+ years of relevant experience)Experience with SQL, Python and LookerExperience driving data-driven solutions and project-managing their implementationExperience answering unstructured questions and managing projects and tasks to a conclusionA passion for Square's missionExperience in risk, trust and safety, payments, or spam/phishing/scam prevention and detection is preferred but not a requirement for the role.Additional InformationAt Square, our purpose is to empower – within and outside of our walls. In order to build the best tools for the businesses and customers we support all over the world, we have to start at home with a workforce as diverse and empowered as our sellers. To this end, we take great care to evaluate all employees and job applicants equally, based on merit, competence, and qualifications. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, social or health conditions, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareup.com.We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, based solely on the core competencies required of the role at hand, and without regard to any legally protected class.We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. 
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

