
Company DescriptionHitachi Solutions is a global Microsoft solutions integrator passionate about developing and delivering industry-focused solutions that support our clients to deliver on their business transformation goals. Our industry focus, expertise, and intellectual property is what truly sets us apart. We have earned, and continue to maintain, a strategic relationship with Microsoft. Recognized for our achievements - teaming with our clients to deliver innovative digital solutions and services - is how we have achieved year after year recognition.As their trusted advisor, we support our clients to deliver on their strategic business initiatives as they unify, automate, and modernize their data and operations to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance their customer’s experience. Our over 3,000 team members across 14 countries, and our 18 years of 100% focus on Microsoft technologies and business applications, is how we deliver excellence through expert services and industry-focused cloud solutions. A part of Hitachi, Ltd., our company has a long and rich history of innovation, financial strength, and international presence of one of the world’s largest companies. Since 1910, Hitachi, Ltd. has been a leader in manufacturing innovative products and solutions that support industry and social infrastructure around the globe supported by 303,000 employees in over 100 countries and across 864 companies.Job DescriptionThis is a full-time position for a consulting role to be a member of our customer-facing project delivery teams for POC’s, Technical Assessments, and Production Project Delivery. QualificationsBachelor’s Degree  7+ years relevant experience in consulting on large scale Data Warehouse/Big Data projects in team environments.  Experience with Power BI, (Power Query, PerformancePoint, PowerView a plus), Power Platform, Analytics (Synapse, backend data modeling in support of Analytics), SSRS, SSAS, Excel Services Knowledge of Agile processes (Scrum preferred)  Experience with Power BI Dashboard/Report, Data Warehouse, Data Modeling and Data Integration  Proficiency in extracting and manipulating large data sets with SQL in MS SQL.   Some experience (not all mandatory) using mapping Software and Programming Languages: SQL, R, DAX, Microsoft Power BI, SSRS, Excel, and Tableau Experience designing and building large-scale, distributed systems  Able to work with the customer’s stakeholders to understand business and technical requirements. Experience with complex data modeling  Able to identify and communicate issues/risks applying technical and root cause analysis skills  Strong decision making, problem solving, and analytical skills  Excellent communication, presentation, influencing, and reasoning skills (there will be client and pre-sales exposure) Creativity and ability to think outside-the-box while defining sound and practical solutions  Experience with the following Technologies/Methodologies is a plus:  Azure and/or AWS Tableau SQL Server 2014/2016  Oracle, DB2, NoSQL C#/.NET Azure Data Services/Azure SQL Data Warehouse (PLUS) Additional InformationWe are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. #LI-CC1

