
Company DescriptionNatixis in Portugal is fully integrated in the global organization of Natixis, a French multinational financial services firm specialized in Asset & Wealth Management, Corporate & Investment Banking, Insurance and Payments. A subsidiary of Groupe BPCE, Natixis counts nearly 16.000 employees across 38 countries.Based in Porto, Natixis Centre of Expertise mission is to transform traditional banking by developing innovative solutions for the bank’s business, operations and work culture worldwide, as a key driver of the company’s culture of agility and innovation. Teams of IT and Banking Support Activities work in an integrated, inclusive and transversal way, supporting all the business lines and country platforms.Natixis in Portugal is the best combination of a “start-up mindset” with a large, solid structure. Its unique culture gives true meaning to a “beyond banking” personality: to be a real entrepreneur, self-challenging, ever striving to excel and go that extra mile.Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Data Analyst with a background in Business Intelligence to work in Regulatory reporting across the globe. This position will be integrated in the IT Financing department within the CIB business unit. The candidate will be working with REGBOX, an Oracle datawarehouse built to centralize all the data (Accounting, Inventory, Repository, Risk, etc.) necessary for the regulatory reporting for Natixis branches in APAC and EMEA. REGBOX stores and processes the data in accordance with the requirements of the different downstream tools (from external providers), responsible of the regulatory reporting submission to each Central Bank. Cognos tool is also plugged to Regbox and used to build directly some regulatory reports or for internal reporting.In this role, the DA will have to respond to the data requirements submitted by the regulators and the providers, working in close communication with business users, local vendors in each country, other REGBOX DA and IT developers. Roles and responsibilities:Discuss requirements with business users and local vendors in each country;Specify and lead the implementation of changes in the REGBOX data model in order to meet regulatory needs;Investigate data issues and lead the steps towards their resolution;Create or modify SQL extractions;Create or modify Cognos reports (only for one location, so it is a small component of the role)QualificationsPrevious experience as IT Data Analyst or Business Analyst, Product Owner or similar role;Knowledge of business intelligence methodologies, in particular data modeling (mandatory);Experience with report building;Experience in SQL;Very good communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills;Good level of English (at least B2) ; Previous experience in Banking IT, Accounting and Regulatory topics would also be a plus. Additional InformationEarly morning. Campo 24 de Agosto. In 4 minutes, you are clocking in at the office. After grabbing a cup of coffee and fresh fruit, pick up your laptop and choose your spot for the day. It's going to be a busy one: French class before lunch and, just after, quick medical appointment at Natixis doctor's office.
 
Lunch break. Outside in the big terrace (look at your crops at the Urban Garden; ready to harvest!) or, if you feel like stretching your legs, walk downtown to grab lunch.
 
Back inside. Quick sprint review (working together anywhere means virtual happy birthday to that colleague in Paris that just turned 35). The afternoon went flying (tasks, reports, calls, some jokes with your teammates). End it on a high note: just one PlayStation game or the final match for that ping-pong tournament.
 
Tomorrow, you complete that certified technical training and the day after, you will work from home, taking advantage to finally do that online course on Udemy. Once you are done with your tasks for the day, you can visit the office for a board games session or show up at the rehearsal of one of Natixis bands. If that is too steady for you, meet your colleagues to surf some waves or join them in a football match.

