
Job DescriptionBusiness unit: Data Science Location: LisbonNIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View.Our Data Science teams help to provide NIQ’s clients with the most complete understanding of the market and its consumers and provides other teams within NIQ expertise in our panel development, assisting with new products, data feeds and estimation techniques. We are responsible for creating and adhering to the best practices and approaches for panel weighting and data processing/aggregation. The team’s core value of integrity applies to our processes, client deliverables, and team relationships.RESPONSIBILITIESSupport the deployment of new/improved data collection methodologies.Identify, develop and make recommendations for process improvements and best practices; own implementation of recommendations required.Help solve client challenges (e.g. performance mgmt., product or methodology evolution).Interpret, document and present/communicate analytical results to multiple business disciplines and stakeholders, providing conclusions and recommendations based on customer-centric data. Be an internal expert in advanced capabilities.  Collaborate with stakeholders and data science business partners to understand business needs and to identify and define solutions; effectively communicate resultsSolve data problems through deep understanding of internal and external dataAdhere to appropriate standards and processes to ensure quality and consistency of Data Science solutionsContribute to the team effort by accomplishing related results and participating on projects as needed.QUALIFICATIONPrevious experience with Panel Data and/or data interpretation in a research context.Knowledge of data projection techniques, theory of estimationExcellent data manipulation skills.Proficiency in statistical or mathematical packages, data manipulationExcellent communication, data visualization & presentation skills, with the ability to effectively interface across cross-functional technology teams and the businessStrong verbal, presentation, and written skillsStrong planning and organizational skillsAbility to work independently, set direction of the overall program, and communicate technical concepts clearly and concisely in oral and written form.Minimum B.S. degree in Statistics, Actuarial Sciences, Operative Research, Econometrics, Data Science or a similar quantitative field.1-3 years previous work experience Additional InformationAbout NIQNIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View. NIQ was founded in 1923 and is an Advent International portfolio company. For more information, visit NIQ.com  Want to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/NIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.

