
Company DescriptionCapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what’s possible in a changing world.  As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients’ myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected — which is one of the reasons we’ve been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade. Job DescriptionCapTech Data Architects match our clients’ business goals with available technologies when developing a strategy for a successful data delivery implementation. We improve our clients’ business value by enhancing data use, improving effectiveness of information stewardship, and streamlining data flows. After gaining in-depth understanding of our client’s business challenges, our architects apply experience-based insight and use state-of-the-art tools and techniques to identify the best solutions. We view our Data Architects as thought leaders in the data space. We task them with growing CapTech talent and expanding data and analytics delivery capabilities. Specific responsibilities for the Data Architect position include:  Assessing and advocating data management technologies and practices eliminating gaps between the current state and a well-targeted future state Interpreting and delivering impactful strategic plans improving data integration, data quality, and data delivery in support of business initiatives and roadmaps Formulating and articulating architectural trade-offs across solution options before recommending an optimal solution ensuring technical requirements are met Motivating and developing staff through teaching, empowering, and influencing technical and consulting “soft” skills Collaborating with client stakeholders and development staff to ensure data architecture recommendations maximize the value of client data across the organization Driving innovative technology solutions through thought leadership on emerging trends Sharing project solutions and outcomes with colleagues to improve delivery on future projects Partnering with CapTech business development team to demonstrate CapTech’s technical capabilities, envision a proposed solution CapTech can offer, and estimate proposed work plans. Qualifications5+ years of experience implementing with a variety of on-premises and cloud data management, integration, visualization, and analytical technologies Advanced proficiency in end-to-end data architecture solutions including ingestion, storage and relational modeling leveraging industry standard languages including SQL and PythonDemonstrated proficiency in the design and implementation of modern data architectures and concepts such as cloud services (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP), real-time data distribution (e.g., Kafka, Kinesis, DataFlow, Airflow), NoSQL (e.g., MongoDB, DynamoDB, HBase, CosmosDB) and modern data warehouse tools including Snowflake and DataBricksAbility to think strategically and relate architectural decisions and recommendations to business needs and client culture Ability to assess traditional and modern data architectural components based on business needs Familiarity with recommending data governance best practices including MDM, security, privacy and policiesAdditional InformationWe want everyone at CapTech to be able to envision a lasting and rewarding career here, which is why we offer a variety of career paths based on your skills and passions.  You decide where and how you want to develop, and we help get you there with customizable career progression and a comprehensive benefits package to support you along the way.  Alongside our suite of traditional benefits encompassing generous PTO, health coverage, disability insurance, paid family leave and more, we’ve launched extended benefits to help meet our employees’ needs. CapFlex – Employee-first mentality that supports a remote and hybrid workforce and empowers daily flexibility while servicing our clientsLearning & Development – Programs offering certification and tuition support, digital on-demand learning courses, mentorship, and skill development pathsModern Health –A mental health and well-being platform that provides 1:1 care, group support sessions, and self-serve resources to support employees and their families through life’s ups and downsCarrot Fertility –Inclusive fertility and family-forming coverage for all paths to parenthood – including adoption, surrogacy, fertility treatments, pregnancy, and more – and opportunities for employer-sponsored funds to help pay for careFringe –A company paid stipend program for personalized lifestyle benefits, allowing employees to choose benefits that matter most to them – ranging from vendors like Netflix, Spotify, and GrubHub to services like student loan repayment, travel, fitness, and moreEmployee Resource Groups – Employee-led committees that embrace and incorporate diversity and inclusion into our day-to-day operationsPhilanthropic Partnerships – Opportunities to engage in partnerships and pro-bono projects that support our communities. 401(k) Matching – Generous matching and no vesting period to help you continue to build financial wellnessCapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values.  We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace. For more information about our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging efforts, click HERE. At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.  #LI-LM1 #LI-Remote

