
Company DescriptionCapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what’s possible in a changing world.  As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients’ myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected — which is one of the reasons we’ve been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade. Job DescriptionCapTech Data Engineering consultants enable clients to build and maintain advanced data systems that bring together data from disparate sources in order to enable decision-makers. We build pipelines and prepare data for use by data scientists, data analysts, and other data systems. We love solving problems and providing creative solutions for our clients. Cloud Data Engineers leverage the client’s cloud infrastructure to deliver this value today and to scale for the future. We enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other developers, architects, and our clients. Specific responsibilities for the Data Engineer – Cloud position include:  Developing data pipelines and other data products using Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Advising clients on specific technologies and methodologies for utilizing cloud resources to efficiently ingest and process data quickly Utilizing your skills in engineering best practices to solve complex data problems Collaborating with end users, development staff, and business analysts to ensure that prospective data architecture plans maximize the value of client data across the organization.  Articulating architectural differences between solution methods and the advantages/disadvantages of each QualificationsTypical experience for successful candidates includes:    Experience delivering solutions on a major cloud platform Ability to think strategically and relate architectural decisions/recommendations to business needs and client culture Experience in the design and implementation of data architecture solutions A wide range of production database experience, usually including substantial SQL expertise, database administration, and scripting data pipelines Ability to assess and utilize traditional and modern architectural components required based on business needs.   A demonstrable ability to deliver production data pipelines and other data products. This could be hands on experience, degree, certification, bootcamp, or other learning. Skills: Successful candidates usually have demonstrable experience with technologies in some of these categories:  Languages: SQL, Python, Java, R, C# / C++ / C Database: SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, Redshift, Aurora, Presto, BigQuery, Oracle DevOps: git, docker, subversion, Kubernetes, Jenkins Additional Technologies: Spark, Databricks, Kafka, Kinesis, Hadoop, Lambda, EMR Popular Certifications: AWS Cloud Practitioner, Microsoft Azure Data Fundamentals, Google Associate Cloud EngineerAdditional InformationWe want everyone at CapTech to be able to envision a lasting and rewarding career here, which is why we offer a variety of career paths based on your skills and passions.  You decide where and how you want to develop, and we help get you there with customizable career progression and a comprehensive benefits package to support you along the way.  Alongside our suite of traditional benefits encompassing generous PTO, health coverage, disability insurance, paid family leave and more, we’ve launched extended benefits to help meet our employees’ needs. CapFlex – Employee-first mentality that supports a remote and hybrid workforce and empowers daily flexibility while servicing our clientsLearning & Development – Programs offering certification and tuition support, digital on-demand learning courses, mentorship, and skill development pathsModern Health –A mental health and well-being platform that provides 1:1 care, group support sessions, and self-serve resources to support employees and their families through life’s ups and downsCarrot Fertility –Inclusive fertility and family-forming coverage for all paths to parenthood – including adoption, surrogacy, fertility treatments, pregnancy, and more – and opportunities for employer-sponsored funds to help pay for careFringe –A company paid stipend program for personalized lifestyle benefits, allowing employees to choose benefits that matter most to them – ranging from vendors like Netflix, Spotify, and GrubHub to services like student loan repayment, travel, fitness, and moreEmployee Resource Groups – Employee-led committees that embrace and incorporate diversity and inclusion into our day-to-day operationsPhilanthropic Partnerships – Opportunities to engage in partnerships and pro-bono projects that support our communities. 401(k) Matching – Generous matching and no vesting period to help you continue to build financial wellnessCapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values.  We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace. For more information about our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging efforts, click HERE.  As part of this commitment, CapTech will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact Laura Massa directly via email lmassa@captechconsulting.com.At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.  #LI-LM1 #LI-Remote

