
Tech Research performs applied research to accelerate the pace of building AI enabled applications for our game teams and to establish AI as a core capability at Riot.
As a Staff Data Scientist on the Tech Research team, you will lead the engagement with an R&D game team to develop AI agents that can play the game like a human at a high skill level. You will be responsible for the end-to-end development of the agent as well as any infrastructure required to train the agent or integrate the agent into features required by the game teams.
Responsibilities
Propose, implement, and evaluate algorithms that can play games like a human at a high skill level
Work with game teams to propose, define, and develop AI enabled features (e.g. practice opponents, metagame analysis, player coaching)
Define and gather game state from the game server needed for training
Optimize a distributed deep learning training infrastructure including algorithms, hyperparameters, CPU, memory, and I/O
Inform and manage stakeholders on game teams
Required Qualifications
MS in Computer Science or equivalent with 6+ years relevant experience or BS in Computer Science or equivalent with 8+ years relevant experience
3+ years experience in deep learning
2+ years experience in reinforcement learning
Python
PyTorch or TensorFlow
Familiarity with GCP or AWS
Ability to read research papers and implement similar ideas
Desired Qualifications
Knowledge of fundamentals of game theory 
Game development / game engine (Unreal) experience
Distributed computing systems design
For this role, you'll find success through craft expertise, a collaborative spirit, and decision-making that prioritizes the delight of players. We will be looking at your past studies, experience, and your personal relationship with games. If you embody player empathy and care about the experiences of players, this could be the role for you!
Our Perks:
Riot focuses on work/life balance, shown by our open paid time off policy and other perks such as flexible work schedules. We offer medical, dental, and life insurance, parental leave for you, your spouse/domestic partner, and children, and a 401k with company match. Check out our benefits pages for more information.
Riot Games fosters a player and workplace experience that values teamwork embodied by the Summoner's Code and Community Code. Our culture embraces differences as a strength, and our values are the guiding principles for how we approach work. We are committed to putting diversity and inclusion (D&I) at the center of everything we do, and promoting a fair and collaborative culture where Rioters treat one another with dignity and respect. We encourage you to read more about our value of thriving together and our ongoing work to build the most inclusive company in Gaming.
(Los Angeles only) Base salary range between $186,000 USD - $260,000 USD + incentive compensation + equity + 401K with company match + medical, dental, vision, and life insurance + short and long-term disability + open PTO.
It’s our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and members of Riot Games, Inc. Riot Games makes reasonable accommodations for handicapped and disabled Rioters and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, handicap, veteran status, marital status, criminal history, or any other category protected by applicable federal and state law, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance relating to an applicant's criminal history (LAMC 189.00).
 

