
GoHenry is a London and New York-based fintech company that pioneered the youth fintech and financial education category. We are on a mission to make every kid smart with money and to delight our community of 2 million parents, kids, and teens with innovative, market-leading tools to help parents raise financially healthy kids.GoHenry offers a debit card and app for kids and teens and companion apps for the family, with in-app tools for sending money, automating allowance, managing chores, setting savings goals, giving to charity, and in-app financial education lessons where kids can watch videos, take quizzes and earn points & badges. This is all designed to help kids and teens build good money habits that will last a lifetime.Where this role fits inWe are looking for an experienced and self-driven Analytics Engineer to work in our central Data team, a group of ~10 data analysts, data engineers and analytics engineers. The role will report into the Core Data Lead.The team is currently building a brand new data platform on Google Cloud to ingest raw data from a variety of internal and external source systems, transform the data so it aligns to GoHenry’s analytic needs, and make the data available to data analysts, business users and downstream systems. You will be working with a wide variety of data such as card transactions, advertising activity, user interactions with GoHenry’s ‘Money Missions’ etc. The key technologies used in this role are BigQuery, Dataform, Dataplex, Data Catalog, DLP, Airflow, git and SQL. There may also be a need to provide some data analysis to the Finance team from time to time.Analytics engineering was previously performed by a combination of data engineers and data analysts, but we’ve recently decided to separate these roles within the team. This gives a great opportunity for any data analysts who want to move down the stack, any data engineers who want to move up the stack, or any analytics engineers looking for a new challenge.ResponsibilitiesWe follow an ‘Extract, Load, Transform (ELT)’ approach at GoHenry, and the Analytics Engineer will be responsible for the ‘T’.Key responsibilities include:Taking joint ownership of the data warehouse with the other analytics engineers in the team, ensuring all data is properly modelled and we are using BigQuery to its full advantage. Designing, building, testing, deploying and monitoring data transformation pipelines.  Designing and building data models in the data warehouse, carefully considering the analytical needs of users. Working with the data engineers to fully understand the structure of the source data Helping data analysts to get the most out of the warehouse, advising them on query tuning techniques.  Keeping our documentation, data catalogue and data lineage tools up-to-date.  Performing regular proactive maintenance and housekeeping on the data warehouse. Working with colleagues from other teams to monitor and improve data quality within the warehouse. Responding to incidents arising from data transformation pipeline failures. Sharing knowledge with other team members, and playing an active role in the Data team and wider Tech team. Provide data analysis to the Finance team when required Other activities that may be required from time to time. What we’re looking for Essential:Data modelling experience. An understanding of data warehousing concepts and best practices. Experience using a data transformation tool such as Dataform or dbt. Ability to write advanced SQL queries in a data warehouse environment. Desirable:Good working knowledge of BigQuery, particularly complex field types and optimisation techniquesAs a person, you are a self-starter who is motivated to kick start their own projects, welcomes challenges, seeks feedback from others, asks “how can I help” and then “how can we make this better”, shows perseverance on long-term goals, and generally goes above and beyond in their work. What we’re offering goFlex - flexible working that lets you choose how (& where) you work best (Office / Home a mix of both) 33 days of holiday (including public holidays) An additional day off on your birthday (or any other day in the same week) Family-friendly leave policies Death in service – 4x your annual salary from month 1 Enhanced maternity leave – 20 weeks full basic pay after 2 years’ service and 26 weeks full basic pay after 3 years’ service Paternity leave – 4 weeks full pay after probation Westfield Cash Health Plan (for you and your children) Westfield surgery plan after 3 years’ service Westfield Rewards (receive discounts at over 600 retailers) Mental health platform – Open up Cycle to work scheme Training opportunities to further develop your craft Choose your own equipment We’re proud to say...●       We help over two million members improve their money skills every single day.●       We’re one of Tech Track’s top 50 fastest growing UK companies.●       We were nominated for ‘Best Personal Finance App’ at the British Bank Awards 2020.●       We were voted 'Best Children's Financial Provider' at the British Bank Awards 2021.●       Our kids and parents have donated over £200,000 of their own money to NSPCC via their GoHenry accounts●       We won the Kids' Cards category of Finder's Customer Satisfaction Awards 2022 But we’re still growing, and that’s why we need you.GoHenry is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re on a mission to foster a diverse & inclusive workplace. Individuals seeking employment at GoHenry are considered without regard to race, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.Want to join our mission?If GoHenry sounds like a place you’d like to be, please apply using the link below.

