
Have you been looking to shift your career into high gear? This is your opportunity to take your ambitions and convert them into a solid career in a supportive and innovative environment!Summit2Sea is looking for Machine Learning.Summit2Sea is a technology consulting firm run by hands on technologists that combines people, process and technology to deliver innovative solutions to our clients. We have been named on The Washington Post's list of top work places for the past 3 years! We invest in our biggest asset - our people! You can be a part of a winning team that will contribute to your career growth.The ML engineer will build predictive models using Databricks and AWS Sagemaker by leveraging historical data.  The ML Engineer will design and develop machine learning systems for a range of clients from a diverse DoD community, which may span everything from logistics (e.g. warehouse automation) to Tactical Edge specialized analysis and operational tools (e.g. real-time sensor data capture, modeling and analysis). The work will encompass everything from first-principles thinking through to the development and deployment of live systems and you will collaborate closely with other disciplines on the project team as well as the clients to ensure successful delivery of solutions that meet mission objectives, goals and useful outcomes.  The ML Engineer will work with other application developers to access the ML model endpoints via APIs.RequirementsAbility to represent and uphold our core values of integrity, client service, expertise, adaptability, communication, and teamwork Experience with Machine Learning and data analytics in a DoD or IC environment.  Experience with one or many of the following Languages: Python, Spark, SQL, R, Matlab, Mathematica    Analytical Tools/libraries: Databricks, PySpark, Apache Pig, PyDev, PyCharm, scipy, numpy, scikit- learn, TensorFlow, boto3   Graph Databases: Neo4J (Cypher, causal clusters), JanusGraph (Gremlin, GraphML), AWS Neptune, OrientDB   AWS Services: EC2, EMR, S3, Lambda, CLI, Cloud9, Sagemaker   Testing: Java OUnit, EasyMock, Mockito) Python (unittest, mock) Education / Requirements:Bachelor’s Degree or an additional 4 years’ experience in lieu of degree DoD Secret (or higher) Clearance (interim is ok) BenefitsUpper Tier Compensation includes a base salary and bonuses based upon: performance, business development, employee referrals and knowledge sharing. We value the individual and share our company's success across our team.Summit2Sea is committed to offering our employees a benefits package that is competitive and comprehensive enough to meet their goals and needs. As a valued member of the S2S team, employees are provided with a collection of benefits to include paid holidays, health and dental care to name a few.‍Compensation Components-Competitive Base Salary-Quarterly Recruiting Bonus-New Sales Bonus-Knowledge Contribution BonusBenefit Components-Paid Holidays-Vacation/Sick Leave/Personal Time Off-Health Insurance-Dental Insurance-Life Insurance-401KSummit2Sea Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and E-Verify employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.

