
Permanent/Full Time, Cambridge UK Your chance to get involved in an exciting early-stage biotechnology venture and make a real impact! The Team: The Software and Informatics team are a multidisciplinary group consisting of data engineering, software development, DevOps, and machine learning experts whose work supports internal research and development as well as forming the core components of or commercial products.  Ultimately the team builds software that sorts, analyses and displays DNA sequencing and methylation data, which encompasses a wide range of technologies: Cloud-based storage Advanced database systems and data structures Automated analysis and machine learning Complex display and UI Data annotation and interfacing with external scientific data sources  The Role: CEGX is poised to release key products this year that will represent a step change in DNA sequencing, providing a platform that will not only increase the data collected from sequencing experiments but also the cost.  To support this goal you will be supporting activities across the informatics and data science spectrum.  You could be supporting our Product Development with data analysis that helps shape their experimental strategy or working with our early adopting customers of the beta testing of our product range.   Whatever project you land on, we will need your understanding of quantitative sciences, scripting and data engineering to solve complex problems and deliver innovative solutions.  Great visibility and great variety!RequirementsThe Person: The nature of Data Science means you could have come from a number of academic and experiential backgrounds.  Perhaps you are a quantitative scientist (maths, physics, statistics) or computer scientist that has geared their interests towards big data and machine learning, equally you could be a developer that has moved towards data sciences – it doesn’t matter!  What we need are individuals with a strong analytical mindset who can take their ideas and craft them into code.  You should have First degree in quantitative sciences, IT, Computer Science or surprise us! Ideally a higher degree in relevant subject area Proven experience using Python across data analysis, display, storage and manipulation Ideally exposure to genomic file formats and databases This opportunity is aimed at all experience levels as we are expanding this function aggressively and would welcome conversations with early career candidates as well as senior level specialists looking for roles with more autonomy and project ownership.  In both cases CEGX offer a fast-paced environment with a great variety of problems to work on.BenefitsAbout CEGX | Our Culture | Our Benefits

