
Geomagical Labs is a 3D research & development lab, fusing 3D computer vision, deep neural networks, graphics, and computational photography into magical experiences for hundreds of millions of users, in partnership with IKEA.Our best-in-industry applications allow customers to scan photorealistic models of their indoor spaces, then reimagine them with new furniture in life-like 3D, from anywhere --- changing home commerce along the way.We are looking for a computer vision technologist, with hands-on experience implementing computer vision algorithms on modern smartphones, to push the state of the art in mobile phone scene capture technologies.  This could be a dream job for highly-motivated technologists and applied researchers, with strong 3D vision foundations and entrepreneurial drive.RequirementsPh.D. or Master's degree focused on computer vision preferred. Highly productive and ambitious software engineer with a track record of success. Broad theoretical & practical foundations in 3D computer vision. Hands-on experience developing 2D & 3D vision algorithms on mobile devices. Hands-on expertise deploying and using neural networks on mobile phones for live processing of photographic imagery. Hands-on experience developing cool AR apps. Strong applied math skills in optimization, linear algebra, 3D perspective geometry. Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Appreciation for visual aesthetics and customer success. Must be adventurous, ambitious and excited about R&D innovation. BenefitsJoin a mission-driven R&D lab, strategically backed by an influential global brand. Work in a dynamic team of computer vision, AI, computational photography, AR, graphics, and design professionals, and successful serial entrepreneurs. Opportunity to publish novel and relevant research. Excellent health & retirement benefits. Fully remote work available to people living in the USA or Canada. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, in the heart of the Castro Street downtown --- an easy walk from restaurants, coffee shops, the Stevens Creek Trail, and Caltrain commuter rail. The USA base salary for this full-time position ranges from $150,000 to $340,000 determined by location, role, skill, and experience level. Geomagical Labs offers a comprehensive set of benefits, and for qualifying roles, substantial incentive grants, vesting annually. 
