
 Are you passionate about cars and love driving?
 Do you care about road safety? 
 Are you interested in technology and developing new skills?
 Do you want to help shape vehicle mobility for future generations? 
 
Then we'd love to hear from you!
 
Who we are
We're unique: we're the first team in the world to bring together artificial intelligence and some basic computer vision to provide autonomous vehicles for everyone, everywhere. We do this by training our artificial intelligence with thousands of hours of real-life driving examples, and then safely test them on roads across the UK; and we've achieved several incredible world-firsts over the last 3 years!
 
Where you'll have an impact
 Be a part of our world-class, diverse operations team to test our autonomous vehicles all over the UK
 Monitor our artificial intelligence and respond to all hazards to guarantee safe testing at all times
 Evaluate our artificial intelligence during tests, and provide expert feedback to our research teams and engineers
 Provide real-world driving examples to train our artificial intelligence before you test on public roads
 Support our safety and engineer teams by maintaining our high safety standards, and reporting safety and vehicle issues
 
What you'll bring to Wayve
Essential Experience
 Full clean UK driving licence 
 At least 8 years' driving experience in the UK
 Strong communication skills and a clear ability to empathise with others
 Happy to work alone and equally happy working within a team
 Adaptable, flexible and passionate about solving problems with innovative solutions
 Proficient in Microsoft Office suite, or equivalent 
 
Desirable
 You have an advanced driving background (ADI, Emergency Response Advanced Driver, or similar driving qualifications) 
 You have extensive knowledge of London, and the Home Counties 
 
What we offer you
Competitive compensation with salary and equity
Immersion in a team of world-class researchers, engineers and entrepreneurs
A position to shape the future of autonomous driving and to tackle the biggest challenges of our time
Benefits such as an onsite chef, workplace nursery scheme, private health insurance, therapy, daily yoga, onsite bar, large social budgets, unlimited L&D requests, enhanced parental leave, and more!
This is a full-time role based in our office in King’s Cross.
 
Wayve is built on people and their differences gives us strength. We are proud to be an equal opportunities workplace and encourage people from all walks of life to join our journey, growing and expanding with us. We don't just embrace diversity, we encourage it. (edited) 

