
Senior Data Analyst, Marketing (Remote)
Overview:
Weedmaps is looking to bring on a highly motivated individual with strong technical and communication skills who leverages data to create impactful analysis and reporting to help inform strategic initiatives. The successful candidate will play a critical role in driving data-driven insights and decision-making within the marketing department. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to develop, implement, and maintain data analysis processes, and use your expertise to deliver actionable insights to drive business results. You should be eager to build deep domain knowledge in both Cannabis and data analytics. Our ideal candidate is self-motivated, highly analytical, technically excellent, passionate about delivering solutions for end users coping with real-world business problems.
The impact you'll make:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify key performance metrics, develop dashboards, and automate data reporting processes
Collect, process, and analyze large and complex data sets from various sources, such as customer behavior data including but not limited to NPS surveys, basket data, marketing campaigns, and sales data 
Conduct statistical analyses, data visualization, and data mining across large datasets to identify trends, insights, and opportunities to drive business growth
Work with stakeholders to translate data-driven insights into actionable recommendations for marketing campaigns and initiatives
Analyze and interpret test results and provide financial recommendations and guidance
Prepare financial and business-related analysis using key financial metrics for value quantification (i.e. Return on Investment, Breakeven, etc.)
Work with our various data and martech platforms (Braze, Segment, Intercom, Heap, etc.) to understand key business drivers and translate findings into insights and actions, as well as their implications to the overall business
Gather and compile industry data/macro trends to create analysis to determine impacts to business and/or specific strategic initiatives
Monitor and analyze competitive market strategies by examining the trends, markets, and common factors/promotions
Provide recommendations for future tactics, seeking to increase sales volume
Present detailed marketing strategies and recommendations to marketing and finance departments
Perform ad-hoc analysis and other job-related analysis as assigned
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices in data analysis and apply them to continuously improve data analysis processes
What you've accomplished:
Bachelor's degree in a related field such as mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a related field
7+ years of experience in data analysis, with a focus on marketing data analysis
Strong proficiency in SQL and 3+ years of experience working with data visualization tools/ecosystems such as Tableau 
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to translate data-driven insights into actionable recommendations
Ability to communicate complex data-driven insights to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner
Strong project management skills and ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams
Familiarity with statistical analysis, predictive modeling, and machine learning is a plus
Demonstrated ability working on medium-to-large descriptive, diagnostic, predictive or prescriptive analytic projects all the way through from design to launch
Experience with Snowflake 
Experience with the OKR framework 
Knowledge of the cannabis marketplace preferred
The base pay range for this position is: $138,000.00 - $157,000.00
2023 Benefits for Full Time, Regular Employees:
Medical, Dental & Vision benefits (effective Day 1):
Employee - employer paid premium 100%
For plans that offer coverage to your dependents, you pay a small contribution
Basic Life & AD&D - employer paid 1x salary up to $250,000
401(k) Retirement Plan (with employer contribution)
PTO (3 weeks accrued); 5 sick days
Supplemental, voluntary benefits
Family planning/fertility -  including up to $10,000 towards cash-pay services
Student Loan Repayment/529 Education Savings - including a company contribution of up to $1,000/year
FSA (Medical, Dependent, Transit and Parking)
Voluntary Life Insurance
Critical Illness Insurance
Accident Insurance
Short- and long-term disability Insurance
Pet Insurance 
Company-paid identity theft protection
Legal services platform
Paid parental leave
Why Weedmaps?
You get an opportunity to shape the future of the cannabis industry
You get to play a meaningful role that impacts the wellbeing of others
Casual work environment, no fancy clothes required, but you are free to dress to the nines!
Generous PTO and company holidays
Additional monthly day off for mental health
Numerous opportunities to learn and grow your professional skills
Endless opportunities to network and connect with other Weedmappers through speaker series, Employee Resource Groups, happy hours, team celebrations, game nights, and much more!
Weedmaps is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. The Company prohibits unlawful discrimination against employees or applicants based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion and religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, military status, veteran status, uniformed service member status, sexual orientation, transgender identity, citizenship status, pregnancy, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits unlawful discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. Our company uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.
Applicants  are entitled to reasonable accommodations under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state/local laws, unless the accommodation presents undue hardship. Please email us at peopleoperations at weedmaps.com if you would like to confidentially discuss a potential accommodation during the interview process.
About Weedmaps:
WM Technology, Inc.’s (Nasdaq: MAPS) mission is to power a transparent and inclusive global cannabis economy. Now in its second decade, WM Technology has been a driving force behind much of the legislative change we’ve seen in the past 10 years.
Founded in 2008, WM Technology, is a leading technology and software infrastructure provider to the cannabis industry, comprising a B2C platform, Weedmaps, and B2B software, WM Business. The cloud-based SaaS solutions from WM Business provide an end-to-end operating system for cannabis retailers. WM Business’ tools support compliance with the complex, disparate, and constantly evolving regulations applicable to the cannabis industry. Through its website and mobile apps, WM Technology provides consumers with the latest information about cannabis retailers, brands, and products, facilitating product discovery and driving engagement with our retail and brand customers.
WM Technology holds a strong belief in the power of cannabis and the importance of enabling safe, legal access to consumers worldwide. Since inception, WM Technology has worked tirelessly, not only to become the most comprehensive platform for consumers, but to build the software solutions that power businesses compliantly in the space, to advocate for legalization, social equity, and licensing in many jurisdictions, and to facilitate further learning through partnering with subject matter experts on providing detailed, accurate information about the plant.
Headquartered in Irvine, California, WM Technology supports remote work for all eligible employees. Visit us at www.weedmaps.com.
Notice to prospective Weedmaps job applicants:
Our team has been made aware of incidents involving LinkedIn, Telegram, and Facebook accounts impersonating Weedmaps recruiters. These individuals are attempting to use our company name to solicit payment from prospective candidates interested in applying for jobs at our company. Our team is actively working to combat these attempts, but in the meantime, please be mindful of the following:
Our recruiters will always communicate with candidates through an @weedmaps.com email address.
CORRECT: jlebowski@weedmaps.com
INCORRECT: jlebowski@gmail.com
Our recruiters will NEVER ask for or attempt to solicit payment from applicants in order to apply, interview, or work for Weedmaps.
If you are interested in a role at Weedmaps, please apply through our established channels.
Weedmaps Careers Page or LinkedIn
If you are unsure if a communication is legitimate, please contact our recruitment team at talentops@weedmaps.com and they will happily confirm for you. Thank you for your vigilance and we appreciate your interest in working with us!  
#LI-REMOTE #WMFromAnywhere

