
Company DescriptionHitachi Solutions is a global Microsoft solutions integrator passionate about developing and delivering industry-focused solutions that support our clients to deliver on their business transformation goals. Our industry focus, expertise, and intellectual property is what truly sets us apart. We have earned, and continue to maintain, a strategic relationship with Microsoft. Recognized for our achievements - teaming with our clients to deliver innovative digital solutions and services - is how we have achieved year after year recognition.As their trusted advisor, we support our clients to deliver on their strategic business initiatives as they unify, automate, and modernize their data and operations to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance their customer’s experience. Our over 3,000 team members across 14 countries, and our 18 years of 100% focus on Microsoft technologies and business applications, is how we deliver excellence through expert services and industry-focused cloud solutions. A part of Hitachi, Ltd., our company has a long and rich history of innovation, financial strength, and international presence of one of the world’s largest companies. Since 1910, Hitachi, Ltd. has been a leader in manufacturing innovative products and solutions that support industry and social infrastructure around the globe supported by 303,000 employees in over 100 countries and across 864 companies.Job DescriptionPlease note:  Although this is a Remote / Virtual / Work-From-Home career opportunity, candidates MUST reside, and be authorized to work without sponsorship, in Canada. This is a full-time role in our New Product organization for professionals with a proven history of execution, and a desire to rapidly expand a product organization.  Our team is seeking a Senior Data Architect, with a strong background in data definition, modeling, and implementation.   This is a hands-on architect role where the individual will be responsible for the overall design of solutions within the data ecosystem serving our customers. This role will require someone who is experienced in designing data schemas using Kimball/Dimensional modeling and pipelines in Databricks for data warehouses/lakehouses and reporting systems, is able to evaluate multiple technologies and technical solutions, and be a hands-on contributor for engineering goals for multiple engineering teams. Additionally, as a technical leader within the team, you will mentor and coach your team members; therefore, top candidates have experience as either a team lead or manager.  ResponsibilitiesScope and execute with independence. Work with the product team to understand platform capabilities and leverage those capabilities to bring customer’s data estate. Identify and articulate technical and operational requirements for data pipelines and the models they populate; be able to optimize these pipelines for high performance/resiliency workloads. Instill excellence into the processes, methodologies, standards and technology choices embraced by the team with customer teams, and junior staff. Lead requirements discovery and delivery workshops – helping customers understand their options and guiding them to the best options. Be an advocate for the customer, and support delivery leadership (Director, VPs) in managing client expectations. Dedicate time to continuous learning to keep the team and customers appraised of the latest developments in the space.A committed teacher and someone who enjoys developing technical maturity across the company. Experience supporting analytics, data science and/or engineering teams and understand their unique needs and challenges.Qualifications8+ overall years of professional experience including 4+ years’ experience in designing high-scale Kimball/Dimensional models is REQUIRED 4+ years of experience with data modeling, schema design patterns and modern data access patterns (including API, streams, data lake) is REQUIRED2+ years as a proven leader interacting with customers (client facing) to collect requirements and manage a technical data backlog is REQUIRED; therefore you must have excellent interpersonal skills, both written and spoken, as well as a consultative/collaborative style.2+ years with Databricks and Spark framework are REQUIRED2+ years of experience building data applications, microservices and/or APIs using Python, Scala or an equivalent language is REQUIRED2+ years of experience with SQL, knowledgeable in complex queries and joins is REQUIRED; experience with UDF and/or Stored Procedure development is HIGHLY DESIRED2 + years Azure Data Services including Azure Data Factory, ADLS, and Synapse is HIGHLY DESIRED; strong experience with AWS will be considered in lieu of.  #REMOTE#LI-CA1#azure#databricks#datalakehouse#datamodelingAdditional InformationWe are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

