

At Kinaxis, who we are is grounded in our common belief that people matter. Each one of us plays an important part in accomplishing our work, building our culture and making a global impact.
Every day, we’re empowered to work together to help our customers make fast, confident planning decisions. This is how we create a better planet – for each other, for our customers and for generations to come. Our cloud-based platform RapidResponse ensures that the products we need – everything from medicine and cars, to day-to-day items like toothpaste – make it to market and into our hands when we need them with minimal ecological footprint.
We make the world better, and you can too.Job Title
Job location: Chennai ,India
About the team
As a member of our Consulting team, you understand our customers’ most pressing business performance challenges and you are committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges in the distributed value chain that is prevalent in manufacturing today. Working with new and existing customers, you will provide expert guidance in integrating our product offerings to deliver value.
What you will do
Participate in deep-dive customer business requirements discovery sessions and develop integration requirements specifications
Learn and improve the Rapid Response integration platform and help to deploy it in both public cloud (like GCP, Azure, AWS, etc.) and private cloud
Support deployment workshops to help customers achieve immediate value from their investment
Perform integration configuration – mapping, loading, transforming and validating data required to support our customer’s unique system landscape
Support data management and integration related activities including validation and testing of the solution
What we are looking for
3 or more years of relevant experience in business software consulting, ideally in supply chain and having good knowledge of public cloud concepts with a focus on Google Cloud Platform
Experience in Google Cloud Data Fusion ETL tool creating data pipelines
Experience in extracting data from enterprise class ERP systems like SAP, Oracle, and JDE and from other public cloud databases and data warehouses
Experience with connection functionality to SAP (through BAPI / RFC), databases, files, web, SOAP, REST
Experience working with relational databases and java script
Understanding of the software development life cycle
Excellent communication, presentation, facilitation, time management and customer relationship skills
A post-secondary degree in a related field
Ability to work virtual and plan for up to 30% travel
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Technical skills such as SQL, R, Java Script, Python, etc.
What we have to offer
Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never “done. That’s because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems they’re passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously! It’s in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others’ differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 
For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the company’s blog at http://blog.kinaxis.com/.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprograms@kinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

