
Company DescriptionPublicis Media harnesses the power of modern media through global agency brands Performics, Spark Foundry, Starcom and Zenith. A key business solution of Publicis Groupe ([Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40], Publicis Media’s digital-first, data-driven global practices deliver client value and drive growth in a platform-powered world. It is present in more than sixty countries with over 23,000 employees worldwide.Job DescriptionOverview: 
Publicis Media’s Business Platforms is an integrated platform that streamlines the process of tracking, analyzing, and delivering data solutions across various teams. The team is pivotal in realizing the Product vision by building successful and innovative technology solutions. We are looking for a VP, Data Strategty who would help us to develop frameworks to provide scalable, accurate, and accessible data solutions. This person must be proactive in anticipating and prioritizing the business needs of the team and must possess superb time management skills, a productive approach toward work and a strong sense of urgency. He/she should have excellent relationship building and collaboration skills, strong communication, project management and analytical skills. Role Objectives: Designing innovative analytics solutions that harmonizes data and delivers against team’s goals Translating data into clear, compelling, and actionable insights  Discovering and recommending connections across different data sets Providing advanced strategic and analytics support for clients, internal team, or leadership Managing data integrity within dashboard solutions Preparing reports, recommendations and general documentation as needed Conducting audits of datasets to ensure alignment to requirements Engaging with product, client, agency teams and engineers as needed to support data products Communicating complex ideas clearly at a management level, with excellent written and oral presentation skills Qualifications5+ years of related work experience Strong written and verbal communication Familiarity of media related platforms such as MediaOcean, Nielsen, Google, etc. Requirement’s analysis, translation, organization, and communication experience Experience working with omnichannel media analytics for both agencies and clients related work Experience working with JIRA, Confluence, or equivalent B.S. in Marketing, Information Management, or Data/Computer Sciences preferred Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Compensation Range: $159,500 - $250,500 annually. This is the pay range the Company believes it will pay for this position at the time of this posting. Consistent with applicable law, compensation will be determined based on the skills, qualifications, and experience of the applicant along with the requirements of the position, and the Company reserves the right to modify this pay range at any time. For this role, the Company will offer medical coverage, dental, vision, disability, 401k, and paid time off.

