
Company DescriptionSia Partners is a next-generation consulting firm focused on delivering superior value and tangible results to its clients as they navigate the digital revolution. Our global footprint and expertise in more than 40 sectors and services allow us to enhance our clients’ businesses worldwide. We guide their projects and initiatives in strategy, business transformation, IT & digital strategy, and Data Science.Job DescriptionWe are working with a client in need of a talented Data Engineer to support our client located in King of Prussia, PA. This contractor will be working on a high-level corporate initiative to build an enhanced customer service model for a leading utilities organization. This contractor will be working with our client on Data Engineering topics, including creating relevant data models, developing powerful data pipelines, exposing them through various mechanisms including APIs, and using data visualization tools to efficiently present data.Project Length: 6 monthsLocation: Hybrid- client prefers candidates to be onsite in King of Prussia, PA - 2-3 days per week.ResponsibilitiesPartner with our client’s leadership teams, engineers, program managers and data analysts to understand data needs.Design, build and launch efficient and reliable data pipelines transforming data into useful report ready datasets.Communicate at scale, through multiple mediums: presentations, dashboards, client-wide datasets, bots and more.Use your data and analytics experience to ‘see what’s missing,’ identifying and addressing data gaps, build monitors to detect data quality issues and partner to establish a self-serve environment.Broad range of partners equates to a broad range of projects and deliverables, including ML Models, datasets, measurements, services, tools and process.Leverage data and business principles to automate data flow, detect business exceptions, build diagnostic capabilities, and improve both business and data knowledge base.Build data expertise and own data quality for your areas.QualificationsAt least 4+ years' of advanced SQL experience (including at least one SQL DBMS and one no SQL).4+ years' of Python development experience.3+ years' experience with Data Modeling.Experience analyzing data to discover opportunities and address gaps.Experience working with cloud or on-prem Big Data/MPP analytics platform (i.e. SnowFlake, Netezza, Teradata, AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Azure Data Warehouse, or similar).BSc/BA in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering.Familiarity with SAP order generation and invoicing modulesAdditional InformationPlease be aware that Sia Partners requires all employees in this position to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment.  “Fully vaccinated” means that the individual can provide acceptable proof that the individual has received, at least fourteen (14) days prior to the individual’s start date, either the second dose of a two-dose COVID-19 vaccine, or one dose of a single-dose COVID-19 vaccine.  Vaccines must be authorized and/or approved by the FDA.  Individuals needing an exemption to this requirement due to medical, disability-related, or religious reasons may request an exemption during the recruiting process. The Company will engage in an interactive process to determine if an exemption to this requirement as a reasonable accommodation is appropriate.Our Commitment to DiversityDiversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging (DEIB) are part of Sia Partners’ DNA. Thanks to our expertise in several sectors and our international growth, our teams include a variety of experiences and cultures. We’re confident that promoting DEIB creates an environment in which everyone can reach their full potential.Our global network, DEIB@Sia Partners, brings together our people worldwide to facilitate local and global progress, focused on the following areas:Gender equality (global Gender Equality Index score of 91/100 for FY19-20)LGBTQ+Race & EthnicityWorking ParentsDisabilitiesSia Partners is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment, including hiring, promotion, remuneration, or discipline, are based solely on performance, competence, conduct, or business needs.
To learn more about our mission, values, and business sectors, please visit our website.Sia Partners is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment, including hiring, promotion, remuneration, or discipline, are based solely on performance, competence, conduct, or business needs. 

