
Back Market is the world’s leading refurbished electronics marketplace with a team of 700 people, powering operations in 17 countries (and counting!).Named one of the World's Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company in 2019 and again in 2021, our mission is simple: empowering people to consume tech sustainably by offering folks a high quality, accessible, and more eco-friendly alternative to buying new electronics. Why? Refurbished tech helps lower our collective environmental impact. We have indeed contributed to avoid the production of 963,226 tons of CO2e worldwide since our launch in 2014.Be part of an exciting and growing international adventure that will change the way the world consumes tech.Are you a data-driven leader who is passionate about building reliable, high-performing, and secure data infrastructures and tools? Do you want to have a meaningful impact on a fast-growing company like Back Market? Here is an exciting opportunity for you!As the Engineering Manager of the Customer data team, you will have the unique opportunity to shape and develop the end-to-end scope of the team, which is composed among others of: - all data linked to the marketing. - all the data engineering needs for the top management (COMEX) all the data needs coming from the tribe in charge of customers in the Bureau of Technology- You will manage a well-balanced team of five data and analytics engineers, who are distributed across different offices and remote locations.
What you'll be doing :
Managers at Back Market build sustainable and efficient teams, by empowering people and building the proper environment.You are responsible of having a tech vision for your team, aligned with the objectives of the company, and execute itYou build and execute a growth plan, via hiring but more importantly by ensuring the development of people and teams through open communication, feedback, and continuous coachingEnsure the team keeps a frugal and sustainable mindset (people, infra, solution, resources...). spending is fine, wasting is not.You work in an agile "build it and run it" environment where engineering teams build, launch, monitor and support the sections they own, incrementaly.You identify and make improvements in our processes, practices, and productYou are in the right place if : 
You are people-first oriented and know how to build and run a high-performing team You embrace the servant leadership principles as much as you value empathy and cordial debates over a "top-down" management posture ;Production health is a priority for you ;You work well with non-tech partners, explain tech constraints and yet try to solve their problems, even by getting your hands dirty from time to time ;You are able to understand the tech challenges of your team and guide them through decisions. Our stack is AWS (Lambda, dynamodb), GCP (Big Query, Data Catalog), Spark (Delta), Terragrunt, Terraform, Datadog, Python, Scala.You have great communication skills in EnglishRecruitment process :- Call with Yann, Tech recruiter- Management principles interview with your future manager- Data Engineering interview with your future peers- Stakeholders interview with your future colleagues- Back Market value interview WHY SHOULD YOU JOIN US ?- A meaningful job: you will help avoid thousands of tons of electronic waste and fight against planned obsolescence. It counts!- A meaningful company: we became a mission-driven company in January 2022.- Be part of a worldwide growing company based in Europe, the USA and Asia to face great challenges : you will have the freedom to innovate and adopt new ideas!- Work alongside passionate experts:  who will share their knowledge and help you develop and grow in your career. - Grow your career: with a flexible career path and a dedicated Learning & Development team. Back Market will help you evolve with personalized internal trainings and external handpicked providers from day 1!- Leadership Academy by Back Market:“be a coach not a dictator” is at the core of this program ! We train and enable all our leaders to support their team towards achieving goals. Be a manager at Back Market is an unique experience we take by heart.- An attractive salary, equity and a host of benefits including : Lunch voucher, health insurance, relocation package, paid time off for activism in your community, parental benefits, flexible hours, etc…- One Loving Tribe: you will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced, open-minded and friendly environment. - Be part of one of our Employee Resource Groups createdaround shared identities, common backgrounds and/or special interests crafted to be a safe space and an expressive outlet. - Several internal events: The Monday Brief (weekly)/ The Somehands (monthly)/ The All Hands (annual).- We’re here to SABOTAGE: It’s our mantra. It keeps us focused on what we aspire to be: a little bit sneaky, always smart, kinda frugal and constantly conspiring to create maximum impact.Back Market is an Equal Opportunity Employer which means we pledge to not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetic information.. If reasonable accommodations are needed for the interview process, please do not hesitate to discuss this with the Talent Acquisition Team.

