
Securrency is a financial markets infrastructure technology company focused on enhancing capital formation and stimulating global liquidity. Securrency is driving change at the core of financial services via a patent-pending distributed identity and compliance framework and a state-of-the-art infrastructure designed to bridge legacy financial platforms to blockchain networks. One of the industry's most advanced regulatory technology providers, we have developed compliance tools that automate enforcement of the multi-jurisdictional regulatory policy. These tools provide transparency and consistency to strengthen investor confidence and provide regulators with increased oversight of the market activity. Securrency provides software-as-a-service (SaaS) and platform-as-a-service (PaaS) delivery models to offer blockchain-based financial services infrastructure to banks and other financial services providers.Our proprietary, patent-pending Compliance Aware Token™ technology provides multi-jurisdictional compliance and unprecedented convenience to financial services providers and market participants to facilitate the issuance, trading, and servicing of digital securities and other digital assets. Securrency's technology is blockchain-agnostic, and its compliance and policy-enforcement tools support ledger-to-ledger transactions across multiple blockchains.We have built a state-of-the-art blockchain-based financial service and compliance platform that will serve as the global rails along which all future value moves in a transparent and interoperable manner. Well, on its way to being a technology unicorn, but while we are growing rapidly, we still retain the spirit and camaraderie of a dynamic start-up.Job PurposeAs a data engineer, your primary responsibility is to design, develop, maintain, and test data pipelines and infrastructure that enable efficient, secure, and scalable data processing and analysis. You will work closely with data scientists, analysts, and stakeholders to understand their data requirements and design and implement data solutions that meet those requirements. Additionally, you will develop and implement data architecture strategies and best practices, manage and maintain large and complex data sets and databases, and identify and resolve data pipeline and infrastructure issues. You will also stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and trends in data engineering and provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior data engineers and data analysts. Finally, you will participate in data governance initiatives, ensure compliance with relevant data regulations and standards, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment with broader organizational goals and initiatives.ResponsibilitiesWork with large, complex data sets and high throughput data pipelines that meet business requirements. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources. Build data and analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights to operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Work with internal and external stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support data infrastructure needs. Collaborate with data scientists and architects on several projects. Solve various complex problems. RequirementsPrevious experience as a data engineer or in a similar role 5+ years of Python development experience is necessary. Hands-on experience with database technologies (e.g. SQL and MongoDB) Technical expertise with distributed Spark or other distributed data processing technologies Experience with machine learning techniques Great numerical and analytical skills Ability to write reusable code components. Degree in Computer Science, IT, or similar field. Open-minded to the new technologies, frameworks Thorough business analysis skills Would be a plus:Understanding Blockchain system mechanismBenefitsAmazing and accessible office locations in UAE and USA Competitive compensation package World-class benefits package Global company events Flexible working hours Employees may work remotely for a maximum of 40 days a year Eligible to work from alternative Securrency locations 65 days a year Exposure to industry thought leaders 
