
Every journey begins with a first step. Every discovery begins with an idea.   Every Innovation Centre begins with the first employees.   Consult Red combines world class experts in Digital Media to offer a unique service to giants in the media industry (e.g., Comcast, Liberty Global, DirecTV) and beyond. We are small, dynamic and agile. Our clients have big ideas, our work is technically challenging and, because we are small, we offer an outstanding service and an honest, and a unique friendly culture internally.  Our clients want more from us. They want to see more people who share our values and so we seek best-in-class professionals who share our passion for doing more than the ordinary. We will offer the highest quality of technical services in areas of embedded, middleware, cloud computing, virtualisation and even AI, all wrapped up in a culture of values that makes us unique.  And now our journey in India begins – are you ready to begin something exciting, fresh? Somewhere you will be the first, have a say in everything that happens and impress the world with your skills? We are seeking for our Innovation Centres an AI Solution Architect! Main responsibility for the AI architect is to bring his experience in production AI systems related to computer vision currently (still and video). In future we expect to look at other areas of AI. Note that this is NOT a data scientist role - model development role. It is about using, tailoring deploying existing models into production.What we need you to bringShall have experience and be fluent with deploying AI models to production (currently mostly Computer Vision)  o   on the embedded devices with restricted computing power and memory o   deploying models on powerful edge machines o   computing optimisation and balance between accuracy, speed and memory usagCapable create an AI area selecting approaches and building architectures solving business needs Model training experience and training parametrisation to optimise training sessions to match critical project goals  Knowledge transfer and reuse of already existing models (i.e application of Transfer Learning and similar techniques)  Keep pace with recent papers and breakthroughs in computer vision. Understanding architectures and their pros and cons in context of the use-case.  Model deployment lifecycle including A/B testing, failure case gathering, model refinement and re-deploy  Running experiments and optimising business cases  Examine training data and propose enrichment  Understand edge devices lifecycle and upgradeability  Decide on performance monitoring KPIs of deployed code and propose improvements  Architecture in feedback loop to the product to improve   Work with our customers to validate business approaches and propose solutions  Working with other teams to incorporate AI modules into existing firmware or cloud deployments.  Possess general data science and engineering skills  Specific skillsMust have knowledge of at least one ML frameworks: Tensorflow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn or similar  Must have experience with deploying models on constrained devices. E.g. conversion to Tensorflow lite   Using pre trained DNN and transfer learning highly desirable    Experience of using ML for Image (still or video) processing   The Rewards of Starting this Journey with us: A strong voice in how we grow in India (recruitment, culture, operations)  Flexible time and hybrid working  Company bonus scheme  Paid time off including holidays, bank holidays and sick days for flexible use Long service award (additional holidays)  Opportunities to train, develop and grow, as well as learn from talented colleagues  Health care for you and your family  Personal Accident Insurance  Life Assurance Referral bonus  About Us  Consult Red was started about 20 years ago by five engineers with a shared vision. They created a place where top talents are valued and appreciated, where prestigious international customers get excellent quality of service, and where people simply take care of each other. With this DNA we have consistently grown, and we are now 350 people with 6 offices in the UK, US and Poland. And we want to take it further. Indian talent is at the heart of our growth plans. 

