
ABOUT USWHAT WE DO | Our talented teams create tech that connects brands to people via meaningful content that impacts their lives in positive ways. By understanding where the markets are going and where technology fits in; we use our knowledge to identify solutions that boost businesses and shift user experiences.WHY WE’RE DIFFERENT | What makes us a leader in our industry, and different from other international digital tech companies, is our ability to tailor or custom create our offering to solve business challenges.WHERE YOU FIT IN | We aim to build an inspiring organization with an engaged and high performing culture. We believe in possibilities. We connect to the future. Think unlimited digital potential, global reach, limitless content, unreal experiences, real connections… now imagine the direct impact you could have in this landscape.  If you are eager to work in an inspiring, dynamic environment and collaborate with like-minded people, we want to hear from you!ABOUT THE ROLEThe purpose of our Data Scientist role is to build complex analytical questions from big data sets in order to help us shape and deliver even better products and services. Build complex scripts in python from data structure and automation to create the machine learning models.  Transform raw data, from different sources using different data tools, into meaningful insights  Apply data mining techniques and perform statistical analysis  Build high quality prediction systems with potential machine learning application  Challenge the status quo and continually investigate new data processing technologies seeking to ensure we are following industry best practice RequirementsABOUT YOU:The ideal candidate has exceptionally high ownership, excellent critical thinking skills and strong in Python development and automation. They would also be insanely focused on demonstrating excellence in service delivery and problem-solving, breaking down complex information into understandable and actionable items. You will be self-driven and able to work independently. Those with experience in the technology industry would be at a distinct advantage.4+ Years of experience as a Data Scientist.Python development and strong skills is mandatory Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL is essential Strong in machine learning techniques and algorithms such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc Strong skills in forecasting and predictions. Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase etc. is desirable Ability to communicate highly complex concepts in ‘layman’ language Excellent English proficiency Strong written and verbal communication skills BenefitsFamily Medical Insurance Coverage Social Insurance Annual Bonus 
