
In this role you will be helping to grow the Rackspace Cloud data practice.  You will be the expert in the region and support the delivery of our data projects on Azure.  Our Data Architects are experienced technologists with technical depth and breadth, along with strong interpersonal skills. In this role, you will work directly with customers and our team to help enable innovation through continuous, hands-on, deployment across technology stacks, will serve as the Data SME for our customers and be the focal touchpoint in engagements.   As the expert you’ll be involved in presenting to customers at events and promoting our capabilities to Azure.  With a large Azure data team of over 200+ globally it is also an opportunity to mentor and shape the data practice during our growth phase.   More generally, Data Architect are the cornerstone of our delivery success, overseeing our most strategic accounts. They are empowered to make key delivery decisions and work closely with technical resources as well as our Engagement/Project Managers to ensure our customers experience successful outcomes.    If you get a thrill from working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers’ problems, we’d love to hear from you.  
Data Specialization:
Lead, define and implement end-to-end modern data platforms in support of analytics and AI use cases Design and Drive reusable assets, growing Analytics and DevOps capabilities.Solution and deliver modern Data Platforms and Advanced Analytics solutions for clients.Collaborate with enterprise architects, data architects, ETL developers & engineers, data scientists, and information designers to lead identification and definition of required data structures, formats, pipelines, metadata, and workload orchestration capabilities Address aspects such as data privacy & security, data ingestion & processing, data storage & compute, analytical & operational consumption, data modeling, data virtualization, self-service data preparation & analytics, AI enablement, and API integrations Be the technical liaison between customers and engineering teams Be a big data evangelist by educating a variety of customers on the value of cloud and data services Help support in pre-sales.Key Requirements:
5+ years' experience leading engagements from design to implementation of creative data solutions leveraging the latest in Spark based modern data platforms on public cloud At least 4 full lifecycle data platform deployments on Azure using 1st party Services Strong Spark, SQL, Data Modeling, Data lakehouse concepts. Strong programming / scripting experience using python and scala.Strong experience using Data and AI tools such as Azure Storage, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, SQL DW, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Catalog and Azure Data Factory.5+ years' experience architecting solutions for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from a wide variety of traditional and non-traditional sources such as structured, unstructured, and semi-structured using SQL, NoSQL and data pipelines for real-time, streaming, batch and on-demand workloads 3+ years' experience with analytics/data management strategy formulation, architectural blueprinting and effort estimation of analytics 5+ years working in cloud or multi-server complex environments.  Extensive experience with Azure is required. Ability to simplify complex technical concepts into an easy-to-understand non-technical language to facilitate, communicate and interact with executives and business stakeholders Ability to deal with ambiguity by making the appropriate decisions considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions.   Experience with Agile development methods in data-oriented projects Experience with Dashboarding and Reporting Tools used in the industry (Tableau, Power BI, Qlik, etc.) Certifications in architecture, data engineering and development from Azure.Knowledge of software configuration management environments and tools such as JIRA, Git, Jenkins, TFS, Shell, PowerShell, Bitbucket.Education:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or Business requiredExperience may substitute for the degree requirement at a rate of 3 years’ experience for 1 year of education.High school diploma or equivalent requiredThe following information is required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act and applies only to individuals working in the state of Colorado. The anticipated starting pay range of Colorado applicants for this role is $117,000-$188,500.  Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, and specific work location. Information on Benefits –offered.#LI-VM1, #LI-RemoteAbout Rackspace TechnologyWe are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future. More on Rackspace TechnologyThough we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

