
Why We Work at Dun & BradstreetDun & Bradstreet unlocks the power of data through analytics, creating a better tomorrow. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture and accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our 6,000+ global team members are passionate about what we do. We are dedicated to helping clients turn uncertainty into confidence, risk into opportunity and potential into prosperity. Bold and diverse thinkers are always welcome. Come join us!Are you passionate and familiar with publicly available data ranging from Business Registration, Bankruptcies, Suits, Liens, Judgements, UCC and/or Adverse news? If so, we have the position for YOU! Dun & Bradstreet is looking for a Data Operations Analyst II to join our firm and be apart of our Public Intelligence Operations team.This position will be responsible for supporting and owning core data operational functions. Furthermore, this position will be vital in solving key business challenges and may involve working with stakeholders throughout the business, sales/product, operations, legal, technology and may involve communicating with Sr. Leaders.Applicants that have 2-4 years of business experience, are self-starters, and have a knack for initiating and driving change are highly desirable for this role!In addition, the role is expected to become well versed in operational processes that include and not limited to:Working with data source providers; establishing and maintaining a relationshipWork closely with Business partners and defining/documenting requirements, making recommendations for improvements, and being a subject matter expertReporting weekly on progress of application from an operations point of view, if applicableEssential Key Responsibilities/Job Summary
Ensuring operational processing runs daily, including working with and knowledge of day-to-day processes with BPO vendor(s)Work closely with Business partners and defining/documenting requirements, making recommendations for improvementsThought leadership – owning your functional area and being the subject matter expertWorking with data source providers; establishing and maintaining a relationshipEducation/Experience and Competencies
Bachelor’s degree (preferable in computer science or a related field)Strong communication skills, both written and oralAbility to work closely with others to problem solveExperience with Data Profiling tools, Data Analysis and Data Specification writingModern Data Analytical Skills a plus and including but not limited to: (SQL, Python, Business Intelligence (PowerBI)Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO): Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.  View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. View the pay transparency policy here. Global Recruitment Privacy Notice

