
Do you want the opportunity to leverage your skills to make a direct impact on the world’s leading life sciences, consumer products, and retail companies? Join Clarkston Consulting as a Power BI Developer to help deliver creative business solutions to our market-leading clients as a part of our team of experienced professionals. We are looking for motivated, self-driven leaders who are energized by team results and interested in joining a firm that values its culture and people as its biggest strengths. Together, we can help find the answers to our clients most challenging business problems.  What You’ll Do Clarkston gives you the opportunity to deliver great solutions, become recognized as an industry expert, and help build a great practice.   As a Power BI Developer at Clarkston, you will: Turn data into stories by visualizing complex data in an intuitive and user-friendly way Gather requirements, prototype design, iterate based on client feedback, and develop final visual solutions How You’ll Grow At Clarkston, we feel that we provide the greatest value to our clients through a combination of our industry expertise, business process knowledge, and consulting excellence.  Beyond your day-to-day responsibilities, throughout your career at Clarkston you will:   Have the support and mentorship of your Clarkston colleagues and leaders   Own your career – you'll be able to take charge of your career journey with diverse opportunities to lead and expand your skillset both at the client site and within the firm   Have the opportunity to make a real and positive impact not only the clients you work with, but on the firm as well    Travel RequirementTravel is an integral part of this role and is estimated to average 20-30%. This may vary based upon client and project needs. While travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19 restrictions, all non-essential travel has been limited and any on-site requests are subject to review. When not traveling, consultants work from their home office. Relocation is not required.RequirementsWhat We’re Looking For:An ideal candidate as a Power BI Developer would have the following qualifications and experience: Ability to use complex expressions to calculate, group, filter, and format custom dashboards/reports Knowledge of best practices for visual flow, interactivity, and drilldown between graphics Background in design principles for UI Experience utilizing visualization tools like Power BI and Tableau Understand the various audiences for consuming the visualizations and tailor design and UI approach to those groups (executive, analyst, information consumer) Understanding of steps to productionizing a solution, including testing, administration, and security Solid understanding of the underlying data models driving visualization, including relational databases and joins Minimum degree required: bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university BenefitsOur benefits include:  Comprehensive Health and Wellness Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, and more)  401k with company contributions  Paid vacation, personal days, holidays, and sick leave  Paid Parental Leave and Family Building Benefits (Adoption, Surrogacy, and Infertility Support) Life and Disability Insurance Training and Professional Development investments, Tuition Assistance, and more Visit Careers at Clarkston to learn more about our culture, benefits, and opportunities. We hope you’ll join us!COVID-19 Vaccination StatementWhile Clarkston Consulting has not mandated vaccination at this time, COVID-19 vaccinations are required in order to access Clarkston Consulting facilities and those of many of our clients. With this in mind, all prospective hires will be required to provide their vaccination status.

