
Company DescriptionSince we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.Job DescriptionThe Decision Science organization at Square helps our sellers and our business grow by empowering decision making with data. The team provides Square with a variety of critical information such as marketing attribution, investment ROI, seller value, product behavior, and funnel performance. The team achieves this by building remarkable data infrastructure, analytics, data science, and machine learning solutions. The Measurement Machine Learning team within Decision Science plays an essential role in building best-in-class ML models and algorithms to inform strategic investment decisions with measurement.In this role you'll build machine learning models to forecast merchants’ revenues especially at an early stage. You will experiment with state-of-the-art algorithms to improve the prediction accuracies and use any and every dataset at your disposal (including 3rd party data) to engineer new features for the model. You will:Research and implement cutting-edge algorithms on revenue forecastings, especially improving early stage forecasting performance. Familiar with Time Series model, especially deep learning for Time Series. Stack: We value general engineering skills and versatility over existing domain knowledge, but here’s a sample of what we currently use:Python, Java Tensorflow and PyTorch AWS, GCPSQL, Tableau & ModeQualificationsYou have: Must be currently enrolled in a PhD program in Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related field.Available to work full-time remotely for 3 months in Summer 2023A strong track record of performing machine learning model development using Python (numpy, tensorflow, pytorch, scikit-learn, etc.). Knowledge of modern techniques in machine learning and deep learning, e.g., time-series, neural network architectures, with an orientation to maximizing such algorithms in a large scale production settingThe ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiencesInterns are not required to be physically located in their mentor’s worksite location for the duration of their internship Additional InformationBlock takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on the candidate's work location and may be may be modified in the future
Zone A: USD $51.00
Zone B: USD $48.45
Zone C: USD $45.90
Zone D: USD $43.35To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this resource. If a location of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional information. Benefits include the following:Healthcare coverageRetirement Plans including company match Employee Stock Purchase ProgramWellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance Paid parental and caregiving leavePaid time offLearning and Development resourcesPaid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.
We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class. We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page. Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

