
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? Do you like the idea of seeing how your work impacts the bigger picture? Answer yes to any of these and you’ll fit right in here at Amazon Robotics. We are a smart team of doers that work passionately to apply cutting edge advances in robotics and software to solve real-world challenges that will transform our customers’ experiences in ways we can’t even imagine yet. We invent new improvements every day. We are Amazon Robotics and we will give you the tools and support you need to invent with us in ways that are rewarding, fulfilling and fun.Amazon Robotics is seeking interns and co-ops with a passion for robotic research to work on cutting edge algorithms for robotics. Our team works on challenging and high-impact projects, including allocating resources to complete a million orders a day, coordinating the motion of thousands of robots, autonomous navigation in warehouses, identifying objects and damage, and learning how to grasp all the products Amazon sells. We are seeking internship candidates with backgrounds in computer vision, machine learning, resource allocation, discrete optimization, search, and planning/scheduling. You will be challenged intellectually and have a good time while you are at it!Please note that by applying to this role you would be considered for Applied Scientist summer intern, spring co-op, and fall co-op roles on various Amazon Robotics teams. These teams work on robotics research within areas such as computer vision, machine learning, robotic manipulation, navigation, path planning, perception, artificial intelligence, human-robot interaction, optimization and more.Basic QualificationsCurrently enrolled in a Master's or PhD program in Computer Science, Engineering, Technology, Machine Learning, Robotics, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, AI, or a related quantitative fieldDegree program must be based in the United States or Canada with an expected graduation of December 2023 or laterFor Summer Internship: Must be eligible for and available for full-time (40 hours per week) internship for at least 12 weeks between May to September 2023For Spring Co-op: Must be eligible for and available for full-time (40 hours per week) internship for 5-6 months between January to June 2023For Fall Co-op: Must be eligible for and available for full-time (40 hours per week) internship for 5-6 months between July to December 2023Scientific mindset, familiarity with state-of-the-art algorithms, and the ability to invent, excellent creative problem-solving skillsExperience with programming languages such as Java, C++, PythonAt least 1 year of relevant academic research or industry experience in within Robotics, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Optimization, Path Planning, Manipulation, Perception, Movement, and relatedStrong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiencesPreferred QualificationsAbility to develop system prototypesDemonstrated ability to work on collaborative, cross-functional teamsDrive to see a project through from research concept to working prototypeA working knowledge of analysis of algorithms and computational complexityAmazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

