
    
    
What Your Job Will Be Like:
 We are seeking an Intern - Exploratory Systems Technologies, Technical Undergrad Year Round 
 As an engineering intern in Sandia's Exploratory Systems Technologies Department, you will work closely with a team of professional engineers to build a new version of our Explosives Destruction System - for Chemical Weapon Demilitarization. This system will ultimately be deployed by the Army Recovered Chemical Munitions Directorate in response to known and discovered chemical weapons within the national chemical demilitarization mission space. Your work will have a direct and notable impact.  
 In this position, you will work closely with a Sandia mentor to apply and expand your electrical or mechanical engineering experience. Your specific assignment will depend on your background, skills, and abilities. 
 On any given day you may be required to: 
+  Design mechanical and electromechanical systems 
+  Coordinate fabrication and testing for system hardware 
+  Use engineering principles to conduct trade studies and identify system solutions 
+  Perform engineering analysis to validate designs against requirements 
+  Present design and analysis findings to project stakeholders 
+  Support system build and integration in lab 
+  Identify suitable encoder or alternate control systems for design and testing. 
+  Analyze interface requirements.  
+  Use existing hardware to provide stimulus signals to components of hardware and firmware. 
+  Design waveform modifications including noise levels, dropouts, and existing flight data. 
+  Collect and process data, prepare data final report, assist in analysis.  
+  Review existing designs 
+  Identify obsolete components, develop new designs 
+  Assemble, test and debug equipment 
+  Specify and order hardware 
+  Demonstrate hardware as needed.  
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Qualifications We Require:
You bring the confidence and skills to be eligible for the job by meeting these minimum requirements:
+ Currently attending and enrolled full time in a related accredited undergraduate program
+ Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0
+ Ability to work up to 25 hours per week during the academic year, and up to 40 hours per week during the summer
+ U.S. citizen, asylee, refugee, or lawful permanent resident of the U.S.
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Pursuing a science, engineering, or math major
+ Strong curriculum experience in engineering with a focus on pragmatism, simplicity of design, and high-quality delivery of actual hardware components for direct utilization by stakeholders and partners.
+ Demonstrated successful coursework in electrical engineering or mechanical engineering, instrumentation, programming and design statics, and dynamics, drafting and design.
+ Ability to work on a highly collaborative team
+ Previous hands-on experience and familiarity with basic tools and test equipment
About Our Team:
 The Exploratory Systems Technologies Department is a group of engineers and scientists responsible for developing, analyzing, and deploying a variety of technologies in support of Homeland Security, nuclear weapons, and broader national security. The department seeks to increase the security of the nation by developing and deploying systems and technologies. We emphasize the development of systems utilizing mechanical and electrical engineering with strong support from appropriate science disciplines. The scope of the department's work includes evaluation of potential threats or customer requirements, evaluation of potential systems architectures, development of mechanical and electrical systems concepts, prototyping, testing, fielding, and analysis of data. 
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688167    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Design / Development Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Chemicals                    

                
                    
                        Automotive                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Materials                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
                    
                        Environmental                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

