
    
    
What Your Job Will Be Like:
Intern - START HBCU, Materials Science, R&D Undergrad Summer
We are seeking an Intern - START HBCU, Materials Science, R&D Undergrad Summer
The Securing Top Academic Research Talent at Historically Black Colleges & Universities (START HBCU) Institute is designed to provide research collaborations with Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and to develop an intentional talent pipeline for minority students in STEM. We are interested in identifying candidates from HBCUs (https://sites.ed.gov/whhbcu/one-hundred-and-five-historically-black-colleges-and-universities/)  and growing collaboration opportunities between HBCUs and Sandia. A key part of this is through granting summer internships to undergraduate students to work at Sandia National Laboratories. The START HBCU Institute will hire interns into several critical mission areas for summer 2023.
As a Materials Science Intern at Sandia, you will be guided by a technical mentor and work closely with a team of researchers and interns on issues of national significance.
On any given day, you may be called on to:
+ Collaborate with technical mentor to plan, design, set-up, and perform experiments
+ Record experimental procedures and collect data in notebooks
+ Interpret data using spreadsheets, graphs and statistical analysis
+ Document and present results to mentor and peers.
+ Responsible for various activities associated with maintaining a laboratory and follow safety procedures
Through your internship, you will learn laboratory skills and join a high-performing research team.  Students will be expected to demonstrate increasing levels of independence and responsibility and must show a commitment to operate in and contribute to a safe operating environment.
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Qualifications We Require:
You bring the confidence and skills to be eligible for the job by meeting these minimum requirements:
+  Currently attending and enrolled full time in the spring term immediately preceding the internship (or scheduled to graduate in the spring) in an accredited undergraduate program 
+  Pursuing a science, engineering, or math major 
+  Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0 
+  Ability to work up to 40 hours per week during the summer 
+  U.S. citizenship or LPR, Asylee or Refugee status 
Note: If you have not yet started your undergraduate program, please apply to a high school intern position.
Additional requirements:
+ Attendance at a Historically Black College/University (https://sites.ed.gov/whhbcu/one-hundred-and-five-historically-black-colleges-and-universities/)  during the spring 2023 academic term
Qualifications We Desire:
+ General knowledge of fundamentals and technical principles in physical sciences or related fields (including chemistry, physics, materials science or chemical engineering)
+ Understanding of the use a variety of research tools and laboratory safety procedures
+ Good oral and written communication skills
+ Ability to contribute in a team environment
+ Good understanding of a suite of software, including Microsoft
About Our Team:
The Materials Chemistry Department is a group of Chemists, Material Scientists, and Chemical Engineers who actively supports the nation's nuclear weapons stockpile by providing materials expertise to SNL's non-nuclear components. We use our understanding of chemical properties to design, evaluate and exploit monomers, polymers and functional materials. Our core competencies span foams, composites, adhesives, plastics, surface finishing and electrochemical deposition. We have the facilities for materials characterization, design prototyping and WR processing.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance.
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract.  All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 685665    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Manufacturing / Production                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Chemicals                    

                
                    
                        Materials                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Materials/Logistics                    

                
                    
                        Pressure Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Design / Development Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

