
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking a dedicated Research & Development Laboratory Engineering Support Technologist to work in the Sandia Pulsed Power Sciences Center as part of the Z Machine diagnostics team. This team develops and fields groundbreaking scientific instrumentation to record and interpret x-ray and nuclear data for high energy density physics experiments in the world’s largest radiation source. This position involves film processing and scanning, inventory management of diagnostic consumables, and data entry.
On any given day, you may be called on to:
+ Develop and scan a variety of data formats from the Z Machine (e.g., visible and x-ray film, image plate, CR39).
+ Prepare and assemble diagnostic components in the laboratory.
+ Purchase diagnostic consumables and track inventories electronically.
+ Field diagnostics in the Z Machine facility, working with a multi-disciplinary team of Technologists, Engineers and Scientists in a fast-paced and fluid environment to accomplish daily instrument preparation, installation, testing and retrieval after experiment execution, this includes fielding of diagnostics while wearing Tyvek and Respirators in Z’s vacuum chamber
Qualifications We Require:
+ High School graduate or equivalent
+ Mechanical proficiency/skills experience
+ Computer skills/data entry experience
+ Experience using Microsoft Excel
+ Ability to acquire and maintain a DoE Q clearance
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Experience working with chemicals or courses in chemistry.
+ Five years of experience in a testing or research and development environment
+ Experience loading, assembling, and performing precise alignments on scientific equipment
+ Experience working in a fast-paced dynamic work environment with flexible work hours
+ Experience in the design or operation of vacuum systems
+ X-ray or neutron diagnostics experience
+ Demonstrated ability working in a team environment with engineers
About Our Team:
The X-Ray Diagnostics & Experimental Systems department develops and maintains innovative x-ray diagnostics and experimental sub-systems for high-energy-density science experiments on the Z Machine. The experimental sub-systems within the department consist of Gas Fill, Cryogenics, and Tritium. The department also develops and maintains multi-year strategies for diagnostics and experimental capabilities (primarily for Z), while working closely with internal and external partners. This team is part of the Radiation, Electrical and High Energy Density (REHEDS) Research Foundation at Sandia.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688593    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
                    
                        Chemicals                    

                
                    
                        Heat Transfer Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Materials                    

                
                    
                        Design / Development Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Automotive                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

