
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
Salary Range:
$88,600 - $172,300
*Salary range is estimated, and actual salary will be determined after consideration of the selected candidate's experience and qualifications, and application of any approved geographic salary differential.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
Passionate about Space, Satellites and other Remote Sensing systems? Join our dynamic team and make a difference providing creative solutions to unique national security challenges!
We are seeking R&D Computer Science professionals to join highly productive teams that research and develop innovative solutions to a broad spectrum of problems of national importance. In this role, you will collaborate in an innovating environment to architect, design, develop, test, and deploy modern data processing software for sophisticated, real-time decision support systems!
On any given day, you may be called on to:
+ Work on an Agile team developing software systems addressing exciting remote sensing problems, including the capture, processing, exploitation, visualization, and distribution of real-time satellite sensor data
+ Collaborate with architects, developers, technical leads, customers, and end users to collect requirements, design solutions, and deliver extensible software applications
+ Analyze existing systems and develop new solutions that push the state of what is possible
+ Use debugging tools, static analysis tools, test harnesses, and other capabilities to address sophisticated software applications and libraries
+ Engage with diverse specialists in areas such as data fusion, signal and image processing, analytics, cloud computing, machine learning, modeling and simulation, service architectures, data management and visualization, and pattern recognition
Applicants on this posting may interviewed and hired by multiple organizations within Center 6300.
Qualifications We Require:
Education
+ Bachelor's and master's or PhD in a relevant STEM field; OR
+ Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience
 Other Required Qualifications
+ Experience in software design, engineering, and development
+ Experience with object-oriented software development in C++, Java, or Python
+ Ability to obtain and maintain a DOE Q clearance
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Experience with the full software development process using Agile or Iterative methodologies
+ Experience using a subset of the following: system engineering, hardware and software architecture, distributed system design, data exploitation/mining/fusion algorithms, digital signal processing, image processing, optical systems, command and control systems, numerical analysis, modeling and simulation, relational/object/geographic database technologies, user interfaces, scientific data visualization, web services technologies, and multi-core/GPU/parallel computing
+ Proficiency in a subset of the following: requirements capture, software modeling using UML, systems-level software testing, high consequence anomaly resolution, documentation and training, information assurance, and deployment of delivered systems
+ Experience with Docker, Jenkins, continuous integration/continuous delivery for software development and deployment in cloud-based environments
+ Excellent presentation and communication skills
+ Ability to work both independently and within a team
+ Ability to obtain SCI clearance, which may require polygraph testing
About Our Team:
Our team designs and develops sophisticated data processing systems and analytical applications that enable some of our nation's most compelling nonproliferation and national security missions. Our mission is to design, engineer, build, deploy and improve critical systems that transform data into decisions. Our systems support a range of applications including remote and in-situ sensing systems; satellite communications and control; distributed computing and analysis; real-time data collection, processing, exploitation, and dissemination; and mission engineering and analysis. Our team’s deep domain and technical experience, coupled with an operational mentality builds distinct and extraordinary capabilities for our nation and the people who put their lives on the line to protect it.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
 Job ID: 688544    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Biotechnology / Science                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Accounting                    

                
                    
                        Electrical Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Power Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Nuclear and Plasma Sciences                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        job_category_applied_mechanics                    

                
                    
                        Biomedical Systems                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Environmental                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

