
    
    
Posting Duration:
This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.
NNSA Requirements for MedPEDs:
If you have a Medical Portable Electronic Device (MedPED), such as a pacemaker, defibrillator, drug-releasing pump, hearing aids, or diagnostic equipment and other equipment for measuring, monitoring, and recording body functions such as heartbeat and brain waves, if employed by Sandia National Laboratories you may be required to comply with NNSA security requirements for MedPEDs.  
If you have a MedPED and you are selected for an on-site interview at Sandia National Laboratories, there may be additional steps necessary to ensure compliance with NNSA security requirements prior to the interview date.
What Your Job Will Be Like:
We are seeking highly motivated postdoctoral candidates to explore, study and develop machine learning or neuromorphic methods for solving real-world problems. In the Cognitive and Emerging Computing department, we perform high-level R&D in machine learning and spiking neural network solutions for a variety of application domains from across the larger laboratories complex. Working from Fundamental Theory through to Practical Machine Learning we work to increase capability, understanding and efficiency in domains such as space remote sensing, high energy physics, scientific computing and natural language/document processing.The successful candidate will join our fun and interdisciplinary team of computer scientists, mathematicians, engineers and neuroscientists and will work closely alongside an assigned mentor. Sandia has opportunities for internal career advancement and to learn from and collaborate with a large number of scientists and engineers.
A strong basis in one of Fundamental Theory (mathematics, statistics, computer science), Practical Machine Learning (Convolutional Neural Networks, Attention-based Methods, Language Models) or Relevant Applications (Space Remote Sensing, High Energy Physics, Scientific Computing, Natural Language/Document Processing) is a necessity.
We work on a varied set of problems. Example responsibilities could include:
+ Develop and extend machine learning or neuromorphic algorithms
+ Publish research results in high-quality journals and competitive conference venues
+ Program and test algorithms on neuromorphic and AI accelerator hardware
+ Apply existing innovative methods to domain data
+ Explore deployment characteristic using both Sandia-developed and open-sourced tools
+ Research theoretical principles and model interpretability/model introspection
+ Develop software demonstrations of recent results/methods
+ Engage with the community for conferences, workshops, proposals and outreach
+ Develop and support open-source research software packages
Qualifications We Require:
+ PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Engineering or a relevant field conferred within five years prior to employment
+ Experience with theoretical or practical aspects of machine learning, especially neural networks or similar techniques
+ Experience in a programming language such as Python or C++
+ Able to acquire and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance
Qualifications We Desire:
+ Interest in developing neural-inspired and cutting-edge machine learning algorithms (e.g. deep/convolutional neural networks, spiking neural networks, recurrent neural networks) or in the deployment and application of such algorithms
+ Experience with specialized computational architectures such as GPUs, FPGAs, neuromorphic processors, or machine learning accelerators.
+ Experience with neural network modeling languages (PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras, etc) or neural modeling languages
+ Prior research peer-reviewed publications are highly desirable
+ Desire to work as part of a collaborative and diverse team
About Our Team:
The Cognitive & Emerging Computing Department (Org. 1421) pursues foundational research and development of:
+ Emerging general-purpose energy-efficient and beyond-Moore computing paradigms
+ Cognitive, brain-inspired and neuromorphic computing, human-machine interface technologies
+ Advanced heterogenous architectures based on integrated commodity components, special purpose accelerators, neural architectures and algorithms
Our team is committed to nurturing a culture compatible with a broad group of people and perspectives in accordance with the changing makeup of the workforce.
Join us and work towards your goals while making a difference!
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:
+ Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
+ Extraordinary co-workers
+ Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
+ Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
+ Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
+ Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov*These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance:
Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.
EEO:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
Position Information:
This postdoctoral position is a temporary position for up to one year, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to five additional years. The PhD must have been conferred within five years prior to employment.
Individuals in postdoctoral positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance.
 Job ID: 688426    

    
    
        

    
    
    
        Categories
        
            
                        Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Education                    

                
                    
                        Software Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Academic                    

                
                    
                        Electronics                    

                
                    
                        Quality Assurance / Safety                    

                
                    
                        Turbine Engineering                    

                
                    
                        Pressure Engineering                    

                
            
    

    Industry
    
        Engineering
        


        
    

