
				Job Description
Our marketing team is charged with an important task – sharing our Staples story. We use customer data and analytics to help us understand and improve our customers’ experiences, drive customer retention and encourage brand loyalty. Our team is diverse, with skillsets and responsibilities ranging from graphic design, content creation and performance marketing to internal communications and loyalty & rewards programs. We work together to provide expertise and guidance, so that the Staples brand is well represented in all areas.
What You’ll Be Doing
Lead and grow a team of experienced data scientists. Provide mentoring, coaching and career guidance to develop and retain talent.
Use your expertise to advise team members, helping them plan and deliver successful data science projects.
Contribute directly to the development of sophisticated models and the most advanced data science deliverables.
Be a thought partner to business leaders regarding the development and application of data science to our business.
Work closely with business stakeholders to discover and prioritize the highest-value projects for the Data Science Team.
Drive adoption of best practices for workflow management and development of production-ready outputs.
Help the team select the right tools for the job and achieve an appropriate balance of rigor and efficiency for each project.
Develop an impact-focused culture in which team members are empowered to propose and advocate for projects that will help achieve our business goals.
Foster an intellectually stimulating and rewarding environment for the data science professionals on your team.
What You Bring To The Table
A quick mind with an outstanding analytical skillset, strategic sense and business acumen.
Enthusiasm for finding innovative and effective solutions to business challenges.
A teaching mindset: Eager to share knowledge and impart wisdom to team members and business stakeholders.
A learning mindset: Ready to learn about the business, discover new tools and techniques, and expand your skills and knowledge alongside your team.
Great team leadership skills. Adept at tackling big projects together and inspiring others to get engaged in the effort.
Broad knowledge of data infrastructure and data science development platforms, with real world experience to help guide decisions about these tools.
Experience managing and mentoring teams of skilled professionals.
Excellent communication skills. Capable of communicating nuanced business needs to technical experts, and technically challenging topics to business stakeholders.
Well-developed project management skills. Track record of leading complex projects to successful completion, and the ability to teach this skill to team members.
Qualifications
What’s needed- Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience
8+year of experience with deep expertise in the tools and practice of data science, including statistical modelling and machine learning.
Highly skilled in at least one data science language (Python, R, Scala, etc.)
What’s Needed- Preferred Qualifications
A master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent experience in an applied setting.
We Offer
Inclusive culture with associate-led Business Resource Groups
Flexible PTO (22 days) and Holiday Schedule (7 observed paid holidays)
Online and Retail Discounts, Company Match 401(k), Physical and Mental Health Wellness programs, and more perks and benefits
Interested in joining the team? Check out our perks and benefits !
		                
                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Senior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
