

        Job Title 

        Senior Back End Software Developer (Python)

        Job Description

        At Laika, we are on a mission to transform an industry that’s never been known for innovation, but we aren’t letting that stop us. We love collaborating to come up with new ways to solve problems that would stump other teams, and have created a workplace where the best idea wins and we bring out the best in each other.
Our team is full of entrepreneurial people with a bias toward action, an insatiable intellectual curiosity, and a desire to learn and grow personally and professionally. By bringing remarkably talented people together, we have the opportunity to create something truly amazing for our customers and our team.
About the role
Laika has a new opportunity to join our growing team! This is a remote opening for select LATAM locations.  The Back End Developer will play a major role in building and maintaining existing and new applications. Open-minded developers will excel at this job since we’re constantly learning new and exciting technologies. We don’t expect you to master all technologies but you should be proficient in back-End and willing to learn the front-End.
This is a permanent job opportunity, we’re looking for individuals who are willing to learn and see themselves growing with the company.
Responsibilities
Make direct technical contributions (writing, reviewing and deploying code) using (but not limited to) PostGres and Graphene.
Working directly with the Product Manager to clearly understand the problem, come up with a solution, implement and deploy it to production.
Strive to write clean, easy-to-read code, and make process and code improvements to keep the codebase as clear and organized as possible.
Compensation:
Competitive base salary
Exceptional private healthcare
Early equity in a fast-growing company
Hybrid work-from-home model
Unlimited PTO
Home office equipment
Monthly wellness and home Wi-Fi stipend
Paid courses and certifications
This position is hiring in Costa Rica
Equal Opportunity
Laika provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Even if you feel you don’t meet every requirement, consider applying! Laika acknowledges the research which shows that women and people of color are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all of the stated qualifications. However, we’re looking for authentic innovators to blaze new trails and you just may be the right person for this or another role.


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        Requirements
5+ years of back-end development experience ideally in Python
Passionate about delivering an exceptional customer experience.
Maintain composure and calm demeanor in high-stress situations while maintaining focus to resolve the issue as efficiently and effectively as possible.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Advanced English level proficiency (both written and especially conversational)
You’re interested in self-improvement.
You understand the value that features or bugs bring to customers.
You love coding.
Bonus Skills
Django
About the Company
        What We Do
Laika combines simple software with expert guidance to help SaaS companies manage security compliance, security audits, and enterprise procurement security diligence. Laika helps companies adopt stage-appropriate compliance practices that enterprises can trust and reduce the time and costs of security audits by 50% or more.
We are a rapidly expanding team based in New York. We were founded in May 2019 and raised our Series C funding in November 2022. Our top investors include: J.P. Morgan, PayPal Ventures, Fin Capital, Centana, and Bain Capital. We're growing customers and revenue dramatically and we’re poised for continued break-out growth in 2023 and beyond.

        

        Contact Info
        E-mail contact: careers@heylaika.com

            
            Web: https://grnh.se/ab10eb394us
            
        
