
Company DescriptionThis role is on a rotation basis shift -- Morning, Mid, and Night.You must be a current or former Devex Data Specialist.About UsAt Devex, our vision is to do more good for more people in the global development community. We’re a media platform that connects 1+ million development professionals with news, jobs, content series, events, and funding.When you become a Devexer, you’re not only joining a global company but a team of 120+ passionate people who value our guiding principles:We champion global development professionals.We focus on impact.We embrace transformation.We work together.We feel urgency.Are you excited to be a part of a dynamic company that’s growing fast and has an open, teamwork-focused culture? This is your chance to get insider exposure to the information that international development organizations need.The Data Collection team’s goal is to make sure Devex members are the first to know about funding opportunities and the information they receive from us is accurate, reader-friendly, and adds value to their user experience. We track the funding notices, procurement opportunities, contract awards, and job announcements of major development donors such as the World Bank, ADB, USAID and the EU as well as implementers, corporations, private foundations, and other philanthropic organizations that operate at the intersection of business and global development.Job DescriptionWhat kind of impact will you make? Your operating title to Devex is Data Quality & Knowledge Management Assistant in the Operations Division. Your scope of work includes assisting the leadership of the team, in the overall content strategy of the team, including but not limited to the following responsibilities:Ensuring comprehensiveness of Devex data: Update, manage and ensure the accuracy of the increasing number of sources of information. Coordinate the distribution and assignation of sources among team members through the different channels (slack and Airtable). Assist in the research of international traditional and non-traditional organizations. Ensuring timeliness of Devex data o Flag issues with the automation processes or bugs in the site. Assist in the design of new automation tools and processes (new scrapers) both for in-house scrapers and external systems (SpiderMount). Support in the formal communication processes with third party tools (Feedity, Feedbin, SpiderMount or Meltwater). Publication and maintenance of accuracy of SpiderMount reports. Depending on the workload, this task will be redistributed with the rest of the team. Fill Data Specialist tasks when the team is understaffed. Ensuring the quality and accuracy of Devex data:Perform at least 50 random quality checks per week on different Devex report types (tenders, grants, open opportunities, jobs, programs, contract awards, shortlists and organization profiles) Perform at least 50 random quality check per week on different Devex sources (processed to be determined). Act as liaison with Member Support Team and Memberships posting requests through Livechat, Email or Slack and ensure all enquiries are answered. Assist in the training of new staff in the team's posting processes, including updating the team's guidelines and providing individualized feedback when needed. Assist in the classification and production of Funding Activity Feed entries.Assist in the production of the Procurement Alert and Money Matters. Perform a mass upload of Contract Awards monthly and as required for Analytics or News articles Perform quarterly donor audits as assigned by the POC Perform a mass upload of Funding Activity entries (Operational Documents) and as required for Analytics or News articles Serve as Product Team liaison for DCT process improvements and improvements with the Funding Search Platform and Automation Dashboard, Jobs Search, and Organizations Database Ensure the best performance of your Data Specialists assignees through training and coaching.Point of contact for responding to member inquiries/non-DCT Devexers channeled through Slack Liaise with Membership/MST in communicating relevant updates for DCT, and likewise share any information that are relevant to DCT operations, such as but not limited to, jobs strategy, funding editorial updates, etc. Assist in data collection efforts for client-based projects. Contribute to foster a culture of effective communication, transparency and job fulfillment among the team. Participating in general team activities, including team meetings, training, and coordination work with other teams. Performing other tasks/duties that may be assigned.QualificationsHere are the indicators that this could be a good role for you:A current or former Devex Data SpecialistA Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university (preferably in International Relations, International Studies, Development Studies or similar)A basic understanding of international development and global mindsetAttention to detail and an appreciation for data and process improvementExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to work in a rapidly changing environmentHold necessary work authorization for the PhilippinesBonusBesides the basics, here’s what we’d love to see you have experience in:Details-oriented work with evolving processesGood leadership skills such as ability to delegate, inspire and communicate effectively. To lead by example would be desirableAdditional InformationBeing part of the Devex team is a partnership. We strive to make Devex a place where you can thrive and do your most inspirational work. Here are a few benefits we offer:Working in an international environment with colleagues all over the globeRemote workQuarterly bonus potentialGenerous maternity/paternity leaveWeekly professional development and wellness activities8 Service Incentive Leaves the first year and 13 Service Incentive Leaves on the second year Week-long enterprise-wide breaks to rest and recharge (August and December)2 YAY days to learn or adventure as you likeInterview ProcessIf you are selected to participate further in a recruitment process for an open role, regardless of your current engagement at Devex, you must go through all of the steps of such recruitment process.Intro Interview with Diana Palomares, People Operations Associate Director.Interview with hiring Manager Kim Torres, DCT Manager.If you are a current Devexer, contact the People Operations Team to discuss this new career opportunity. Our team will offer you any support and guidance through out the transition process.We encourage applications from all backgrounds! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Devex. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.Ready to get started? Apply now! Interviews will begin this week, and we will continue to accept new applications until an offer is accepted.

