
Company DescriptionAbout Digitas
Digitas is the Connected Marketing agency, built on the principle that there are better ways for brands to connect
with people. We leverage comprehensive data, technology, creative, media and strategy capabilities to deliver
Media-Fueled Creativity via connected Solutions that include Connected Campaigns, Social Marketing, Brand
Experience, CRM & Loyalty, and Marketing Transformation. A Leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Global
Marketing Agencies for six consecutive years, Digitas serves the world’s leading brands through a global network
comprised of more than 4,000 employees across over 30 countries and 50 offices. For more information visit
www.digitas.com.Data & Analysis - Senior Data ScientistWe are the connected marketing agency, a full-service agency with modern creative & media, data, and technology services all under one roof.The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients.Digitas’ Data Science practice sits within our DNA (Data & Analysis) capability and develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measurable—business impact.  We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients. To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Senior Data Scientist – an intellectually curious and creative problem solver who is willing to tackle the familiar and unfamiliar of all things data, including methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on.What you’ll do:Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications.  We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients.As a Senior Data Scientist, you’ll solve complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—by accessing, integrating, manipulating, mining and modeling a wide array of data sources.  Job DescriptionDay-to-day, your role includes:  Translating and reframing marketing and business questions into analytical plans.Using distributed computing systems to ingest, access and integrate disparate big data sources.Conducting extensive exploratory analysis to identify relevant insights, useful transformations and analytical applications.Applying quantitative techniques, including statistical and machine learning, to uncover latent patterns in the data.Building and testing scalable data pipelines or models for real-time applications.Summarizing, visualizing, communicating and documenting analytic concepts, processes and results for technical and non-technical audiences.Collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to establish clear analytical objectives, approaches and timelines.Sharing knowledge, debating techniques, and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice.  QualificationsWe’re looking for rigorous analytic training and 3+ years professional experience in a data science or analytics role, which typically includes: A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science, engineering, marketing or social science methods.Hands-on experience mining data for decision-focused insights.Hands-on experience running common statistical or machine learning procedures, such as descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, dimension reduction, feature transformation, supervised or unsupervised learning.Hands-on experience using Python or R, SQL, and distributed computing systems such as Hadoop or AWS.  Familiarity with Linux and/or Spark preferred.Demonstrated interest in marketing analytical applications.Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment with flat structure.Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.    Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.“Compensation Range: $70,000 - $105,000 annually. This is the pay range the Company believes it will pay for this position at the time of this posting. Consistent with applicable law, compensation will be determined based on the skills, qualifications, and experience of the applicant along with the requirements of the position, and the Company reserves the right to modify this pay range at any time. For this role, the Company will offer medical coverage, dental, vision, disability, 401k, and paid time off.” If your requirements fall outside of this range, you are still welcome to apply.

