
Company DescriptionAt Adtalem Global Education, we seek to empower students and members to achieve their goals, find success and make inspiring contributions to our global community. Adtalem is a leading healthcare educator that partners with organizations to proactively address future workforce needs and empowers career development with access to world-class academic curriculums, certifications and training programs across the medical and healthcare industries.
Adtalem institutions and companies include: American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine, Chamberlain University, Ross University School of Medicine, Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine, and Walden University. (NYSE: ATGE; member S&P MidCap 400 Index) For more information, please visit adtalem.com.Job Description Lead the team's efforts to perform cloud-based machine learning to create solutions, solve problems, identify opportunities, risks, and trends. Communicate with senior leadership across stakeholders. Be a major contributor to the thought leadership interactions with business units and clients as it relates to client, trading, market, and digital analytics, especially combining those datasets for holistic analysis and fuller pattern recognition. Drive the evolving enterprise-level machine learning roadmap. Deliver machine learning for in-scope projects for customer-focused cloud-based analytics and business units. Lead team efforts to deliver the following: Collaborate with stakeholders and technology providers across Adtalem’ s value streams. Plan, resource, and coordinate the deliverables Operationalize machine learning on Vertex AI ML Ops platform and various other tools, unlocking value for Adtalem and stakeholders. Lead large, multi-faceted analytical projects, managing the tasks and resources to deliver valuable insight or capabilities. Use product and market knowledge to lead scoping discussions with business units and apply team analytical skills to deliver results. Lead interactions with stakeholders to proliferate understanding, incorporate feedback, refine analytical agenda and deliver output. Lead the team to perform machine learning on student, faculty and products structures to identify and understand opportunities, risks, and trends. Understand LMS, LCMS, CRM and SIS data wealth. Make presentations to leadership stakeholders on analysis performed. Drive visualization and adoption of model outputs internally or by collaborating with IT. Assist business in conceptualizing model output integration As a thought leader, participate and lead client discussions and communicate analysis performed to inform clients and further their understanding of Adtalem’s priorities. Be a strategic stakeholder and collaborator with technology providers on how we build the right infrastructure and processes to become an agile company and deliver the capabilities we need to perform analytics faster and more efficiently. Ensure the team stays current with leading edge systems, methods, and best practices for data science, machine learning, and cloud capabilities. Clearly identify model impact on business and base model strategy where business value lies. Completes other duties as assigned.QualificationsEducation Bachelor's degree required in Business, Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent experience utilizing a different BS/BA degree. Master’s degree preferred in Applied Statistics, Statistics, Computer Science, or advanced Math, Engineering.Work Experience  Minimum 12 years of business, analytical, and technical experience required. Minimum of 6 years of management experience. Expertise in cloud-based technologies such as Google Cloud Platform, AWS, or Azure. Ability to create code and perform machine learning, predictive analytics, Applied AI, etc.Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Advanced communication and organizational skills. Advanced knowledge of capital markets, derivative products, and trading technologies. Advanced skills in programming and coding (e.g. R, Python, SQL, or Java). Advanced data analytics skills. Advanced ability to translate and relate IT terminology to business needs. Knowledge and familiarity with Tableau, Looker, InfoSource, and Qlikview, PowerBI. Knowledge and familiarity with Google Cloud Platform. Not be afraid of hard work and doing things smarter, taking initiative and providing leadership. Experience with Vertex AI ML Ops platform. Experience with systems in the Education Space.Additional InformationIn support of the pay transparency laws enacted across the country, the expected salary range for this position is between $133831.82 and $241870.90. Actual pay will be adjusted based on job-related factors permitted by law, such as experience and training; geographic location; licensure and certifications; market factors; departmental budgets; and responsibility. Our Talent Acquisition Team will be happy to answer any questions you may have, and we look forward to learning more about your salary requirements. The position qualifies for the below benefits.
Adtalem offers a robust suite of benefits including:Health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance401k Retirement Program + 6% employer matchParticipation in Adtalem’s Flexible Time Off (FTO) Policy12 Paid Holidays
For more information related to our benefits please visit: https://careers.adtalem.com/benefits.
You are also eligible to participate in an annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance. We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. At Adtalem, we welcome everyone and have a strong commitment towards diversity and inclusion. We encourage our Colleagues to be their true authentic selves and support laws that prohibit discrimination everywhere we do business. We also maintain a drug-free workplace.

