
Company DescriptionAt ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.  With more than 7,400+ customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies® 2022. Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow. Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.Job DescriptionServiceNow's Skills Intelligence team is responsible for finding, developing, and using data from internal and external HR data to help improve the experience for our users and customers. From predicting finding new and trending skills, to text mining hundreds of millions of textual documents.  The ideal candidate for this position is a data and machine learning engineer with a strong background in database technologies, data pipelines, and strong passion for machine learning skills. The candidate must have a desire for working with large scale data projects alongside a data science and analytics team. You will work in a fast-paced, innovative environment that allows direct influence on the organization and all our customers. In this role, you will support the data and machine learning infrastructure required for our skills intelligence platform. **What you get to do in this role** -   Become a subject matter expert in mining large data sets in AWS and providing curated insights in a timely manner involving data pipelines of various sizes and dependencies.-   Learn how to use the deployment and integration machine learning harnesses and technology stack that makes ServiceNow a leader in platform services- and use that knowledge to move skills intelligence goals forward..-   Develop automation tools to facilitate and improve day-to-day operations.QualificationsTo be successful in this role you have:2+ years of experience in data engineering, business intelligence, analytics, or an equivalent analyst position.Prior experience working in cloud data engineering technology like AWS data tools (Lambda, Glue, Athena, Redshift, Step Functions, and Batch Jobs).Effective problem solving and analytical skills. Ability to manage multiple projects and report simultaneously across different stakeholders.Structured thinking with ability to easily break down ambiguous problems and propose impactful data modeling designs.Experience with infrastructure and containerization technologies like Terraform and Docker.Attention to detail, organization and effective verbal/written communication skills.Solid decision making, negotiation, and persuasion skills, often in ambiguous situationsMust be able to work in fast paced environment and be able to adapt to changing requirements.Understanding of technology development projects and the full technology development lifecycle.Additional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.   From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

