
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionPayments has become a very active/hot area in the last couple of years, creating a strong demand for innovation. This will be a very exciting area in the next 5 to 10 years. Not only is VISA a leader in the payment industry and has been for a long time, but it is also quickly transitioning into a technology company that is fostering an environment for applying the latest technology to solve exciting problems in this area. For a payment system to work well, the risk techniques, performance, and scalability are critical. These techniques and systems can benefit from big data, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, & many other advance technologies and in VISA, we have all of these. If you want to be in the exciting payment space, learn fast, and make big impacts, Artificial Intelligence Platform team within Payment Security & Identity group @ VISA is an ideal place for you!This position is for a Senior Data Engineer with solid development experience who will focus on creating new capabilities for AI Platform while maturing our code base and development processes. In this position, you are first a passionate and talented developer that can work in a dynamic environment as a member of Agile Scrum teams. Your strong technical leadership, problem-solving abilities, coding, testing and debugging skills is just a start. You must be dedicated to filling product backlog and delivering production-ready code. You must be willing to go beyond the routine and prepared to do a little bit of everything.You will be an integral part of the development team, sometimes investigating new requirements and design and at times refactoring existing functionality for performance and maintainability, but always working on ways to make us more efficient and provide better solutions to our end customers. The role is for a self-organized individual with knowledge of web application and web service development. The candidate will perform hands-on activities including design, documentation, development and test of new functionality. Candidate must be flexible and willing to switch tasks based on team’s needs.This is a hybrid position based in Austin, TX. Hybrid employees can alternate time between both remote and office. Employees in hybrid roles are expected to work from the office at least two days a week, Tuesdays and Wednesdays with a general guidepost of being in the office 50% of the time based on business needs.If this sounds exciting, we want to chat and tell you more about our work culture and environment and see if this will be a good fit for both of us.QualificationsBasic Qualifications: • 2 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD) Preferred Qualifications: • 3 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or more than 2 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) • Exposure to leading-edge areas such as Machine Learning, Big Data, Distributed Systems or SRE. • Experience in at least one of the following: Golang, Java, or C/C++ • Familiarity with web service standards and related patterns (REST, gRPC) • Experience implementing solutions for low-latency, distributed services using open standard technologies. • Strong interpersonal and leadership skills with effective communication (both written and verbal) skills and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear & concise way, a team player with good work ethics • A background in the fraud detection domain is a plus.U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary range for a new hire into this position is $109,400 to $139,500 USD, which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable).  Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity.  Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program.Additional InformationWork Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting.  The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.Visa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.

