
Company DescriptionNielsenIQ is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view available of consumers and markets worldwide. We provide consumer packaged goods manufacturers/fast-moving consumer goods and retailers with accurate, actionable information and insights and a complete picture of the complex and changing marketplace that companies need to innovate and grow. Our approach marries proprietary NielsenIQ data with other data sources to help clients around the world understand what’s happening now, what’s happening next, and how to best act on this knowledge.  We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 90 countries, covering more than 90% of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.niq.com.Job DescriptionABOUT THE ROLE  Would you like to be part of a multicultural analytical team servicing the biggest global FMCG clients? In this role, you will be a part of a team supporting the assigned global client(s), helping them to make better decisions based on research and sales data. delivers the insights & recommendations that are critical to our clients' success.  RESPONSIBILITIES  Building a strong partnership with your internal and external clients and seek to make an impact by creating & delivering reports, analytical insights & presentations for multiple countries  Fostering a strong understanding of your clients’ business priorities   Working with large, continuous data sets to understand drivers of category and brand performance on a multi-country level  Building a strong partnership with your stakeholders through expectations management and analytical pipeline management in alignment with your analytical team.  Keeping stakeholders’ satisfaction close to the heart & fostering a long-term relationship  Contributing to the team mission by participation in strategic internal projects (coaching, championship, analytical or soft-skills projects)  A LITTLE BIT ABOUT YOU  For this crucial business role, you will have to possess strong relationship-building and stakeholder management skills.  You will make a difference by helping some of the largest FMCG manufacturers make the right choices for their growth strategies. You will partner with your colleagues and support the clients to discover what is happening with their brands and what they should do to improve business performance.    You find potential in percentages and like working with numbers. Managing time and deadlines comes naturally to you. You are curious, engaged, and accountable.   QualificationsMin. 1- 1,5 years of experience working in an analytical capacity  Previous working experience with Retail, FMCG industry, or market research industry would be considered as a big advantage  University degree in Business/Marketing/Economics or related field Strong numerical confidence and ability to translate numbers into clear insights and recommendations  An aptitude & desire to build trust and relationships with internal and external stakeholders  A curious mindset, not afraid of challenging the status quo and the client  Excellent time management and prioritization skills with a proven track record of delivering projects on time   Strong verbal and written communication skills in English  A team player, capable of working in a team environment and sharing responsibilities with other team members  Excellent skills in Excel and PowerPoint  Strong presentation skills  Knowledge of NielsenIQ data from either Answers Desktop or Connect Express would be considered as an advantage Additional InformationAbout NIQNIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View. NIQ was founded in 1923 and is an Advent International portfolio company. For more information, visit NIQ.com  Want to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/NIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.

