
Company DescriptionAt Biogen, our mission is clear - we are pioneers in neuroscience. Biogen discovers, develops, and delivers worldwide innovative therapies for people living with serious neurological and neurodegenerative diseases. Together, our employees create, commercialize, and manufacture transformative therapies for our patient population.   We at Biogen are committed to building on our culture of inclusion and belonging that reflects the communities where we operate and the patients who we serve. We are focused on strengthening our foundation to advance our overall Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) strategy and, most importantly, ensure all our employees feel included. As an intern or co-op at Biogen, you can expect to be placed on a real project, under the guidance of experienced professionals and subject matter experts who are invested in your career and academic growth. We also ensure that you have plenty of opportunities to build your network, learn more about our organization through weekly lunch and learns led by leaders from across the company, and join us for several fun events.  Job DescriptionThis application is for a 6-month student role from July - December 2023. Resume review begins in January 2023. Biogen R&D Data and Quality Analytics (DQA) is part of the R&D Quality and Compliance, the vision of the DQA team is to drive data-driven insights from trusted R&D quality data. And the mission of the DQA team is to maximize the quality, efficiency and application of analytics across R&D Quality Management Systems through improved data and metrics management, optimization opportunities, identification of compliance risk, and enhanced business analytics application. Specifically, the DQA team has three major components: (1) Management of the R&D Quality Management System (TrackWise, Oracle, Denodo, etc.) (2) Advanced Analytics with R&D Quality Data (Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Analysis, etc.)  (3) Development of business intelligence tools (dashboards, websites, etc.) to transform data into actionable decisions.  Position Description In this role, you will work side-by-side with Biogen’s Data Scientists and Statisticians – you will have the opportunity to implement the latest methods from state-of-the-art (SOTA) research papers and get involved in the entire development lifecycle of the Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Text Mining products— from data ETL to model training, versioning, deploying, monitoring and validate models with feedback from subject matter experts. Below are some accountabilities of this role: Collaborate closely with senior data scientists and statisticians to implement and deploy cutting-edge NLP models with quality risk management data Develop and prototype data visualizations and dashboards  Conduct research works on the latest NLP and Artificial Intelligence applications in Pharmaceutical Quality Management areas  Engage with stakeholders to communicate key results to deliver predictive and prescriptive insights Provide ad-hoc statistical and machine learning support to business partners  Example projects may include: Develop explainable machine learning models and deploy them as interactive dashboards Reproduce the latest methodologies from the top-tier machine learning research papers, apply them to Biogen’s internal data and use cases, and create comprehensive evaluation reports regarding the model performance and limitations QualificationsDemonstrated proficiency in at least one programming language (Python, R, etc) Familiarity with concepts about NLP/NLG, topic modeling, text analytics, and text mining, and understanding of their mathematical foundations Experience with NLP packages in Python, such as NLTK, spaCy, Gensim, etc.  Experience with deep learning frameworks, such as Pytorch, TensorFlow, HuggingFace  Ability to explore, discover and import data from multiple sources and make them ready for modeling with SQL and/or Pandas  Ability to communicate complex technical concepts in a clear and actionable manner Willing to work in a collaborative environment to define a practical solution Strong data visualization skills and experience with the Streamlit and/or Dash framework in Python is a plus Experience with reproducing results from top-tier machine learning conferences is a plus  Familiarity with Github and Linux shell scripting in a cloud-based environment is a plus Experience with Quality and Compliance data in the pharmaceutical industry is a plus  To participate in the Biogen Internship Program, students must meet the following eligibility criteria: Legal authorization to work in the U.S. At least 18 years of age prior to the scheduled start date Be currently enrolled in an accredited college or university  Education Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Computational Biology, or related field Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Why Biogen?Our mission to find therapies for neurological and rare diseases is a unique focus within our industry and this shared purpose is what connects us as a team. We work together to overcome obstacles and to follow the science. We are resilient as we strive to make an impact on our patients’ lives and on changing the course of medicine. Together, we pioneer. Together, we thrive.At Biogen, we are committed to building on our culture of inclusion and belonging that reflects the communities where we operate and the patients we serve. We know that diverse backgrounds, cultures, and perspectives make us a stronger and more innovative company, and we are focused on building teams where every employee feels empowered and inspired. Read on to learn more about our DE&I efforts.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, race, color, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, religion, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. Biogen is an E-Verify Employer in the United States.

