
We’re Displate, one of the top 5 most valuable Polish e-commerce according to Forbes Magazine, the XXI-century metal posters makers. Displate.com is home to artworks from thousands of independent artists and the biggest brands on this planet, like Marvel, DC, Star Wars, Blizzard, NASA, Iron Maiden, CyberPunk, The Witcher… you name it.  The role We are looking for Lead Analytics Engineer who will join Displate’s centralized data and reporting team working on reporting data platform, data pipelines, and reports. The role is focused on enabling the development of a robust, scalable, and modern reporting platform, enhancing decision-making, shortening time to action, and improving data literacy capabilities across the firm. The role is accountable for scoping, prototyping and operationalising the reporting infrastructure and owning the configuration of related tools and services. Within this role, you directly impact the platform's further development and work with other tech leaders on the technological challenges at Displate. Sounds exciting? Keep reading below. "OK, so what's in it for me?"A wider team of 40+ people divided into cross-functional squads that make the Displate.com web app full of personalized content, allowing users to discover meaningful items that help geeks build the collections they deserve. We value and reward engagement and proactivity - you would impact how our data stack will be developed. Besides constantly implementing production features, you will also be able to prototype and experiment with new services to resolve business objectives. We dedicate 20% of our time to developing our technological backbone - modernizing our infrastructure and rethinking our technological stack. You will own the dbt project, Displate reporting data catalogue, and data loading/parsing service configuration. Flextime, open office policy - come to the office, we have cookies, Displates hanging all over the place, nice people, and a convenient space to work (we love it, and so will you!) Responsible forLeads the scoping, prototyping, and developing data pipelines and products for tech, business, and product teams. Coordinates technical development and configuration of reporting data platform in Google Cloud Platform. Ensures the infrastructure and data products are meaningful and fit-for-purpose, providing the foundation for others in decision-making Works closely with other tech leaders on innovating our technological stack at Displate, building highly scalable, reliable, and resilient systems. Executes data strategy and data governance policies, bringing in modern and state-of-the-art practices. Follows industry terms, cascades the knowledge across functions, and continuously contributes to improving data literacy across the firm Demonstrates strong critical thinking and problem-solving abilities, questioning the status quo and assertively striving to implement new solutions RequirementsWant to try yourself in Displate? General expectations:Masters in STEM with five years of experience or eight years of experience in building data platforms, analytics engineering or business intelligence. Extensive knowledge of optimising queries for rational and non-relational databases. Strong expertise with business and product intelligence tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, Looker, etc. Working experience with Clouds services, third-party data tools, and APIs. Experience with using data integration tools or configuring data loading/parsing services. Has data proficiency acumen, technical expertise, and a problem-oriented mindset. Level: Lead / Senior Must have: Cloud, SQL, git Nice to have: dbt, GCP, Python, PowerBI, Looker, Fivetran, KafkaPersonality matters too! We’re looking for:proactive doers ready for tones of satisfying challenges warriors who are ready to take autonomy & ownership - we’re no cogs in the machine  open-minded and creative problem solvers who are not afraid to be wrong - no stupid answers here, we're all into the collective intelligence good communicators and team players who love to learn from each other the ones for whom agile mindset doesn't mean mind-altering BenefitsPerks? All on us!💻 Hardware of your own choice - a brand new & shiny Mac or Dell? No problem!⚕️ Private healthcare plan + life insurance - we’ve got your back🏅 Sportscard - get up from your desk and go swimming!🗣️ Free English classes🏖️ 20/26 days of paid holiday📖 Training budget - your skillset matters here.👋 Team building budget - never too much socializing.💰Special stock options for Engineering onlyWhat else have we got others probably don't?❤️ A truly socially responsible community - we've planted 15 million trees! We're organizing charity events for people in need☕ Coffee just like you want it - french press, Moka pot or coffee machine (we’re kinda coffee-freaks with rituals you'll love)🎁 Your own welcome Displate for FREE + discounts for all the rest of Displates🎉 Crazy-good company parties🎲 Planszówkowe Poniedziałki! Fancy joining our board games enthusiasts collective?📍 Trips to our manufacture - trust us that's a life-changing experience to see how exactly Displates are made!

