
Within3's virtual engagement platform helps the top life science and pharmaceutical companies in the world to engage more efficiently with Healthcare Providers (HCPs) and patients. Drugs get to market faster. Patients can be heard. Busy HCPs can spend more time with patients.  We work hard to create a dynamic and collaborative culture where innovation is encouraged. Even as a globally distributed organization, we strive to create and maintain connections that not only make work fun but make our work better!Within3 has a career opportunity for a data analyst professional with a track record of success in a services-based consulting/support role for large business clients. This role suits a professional whose core DNA is highly organized, autonomous, and detail-focused. This team member will play a key role in delivering value to our clients by leveraging the people, process, and product resources of the company.  As a DCS, you will craft deliverables that help Clients better understand the disease communities they serve. Our products are based on sophisticated network analytics that integrate scientific, medical, and social media data to deliver high value strategic insights. DCS’s work proactively internally and with a broader Client Success team to ensure customers obtain maximum value from our products. As a DCS you will both lead your vertical activities, working with internal data teams, as well as horizontally across-component activities as part of a broader client success staff in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.  A successful applicant will be a dependable self-starter (we are a virtual global company) who is comfortable with discussing data with clients, has a passion for analysis, and is both a proficient communicator and a creative problem solver.  What you can expect from the opportunityUnderstand clients’ strategies, translate their needs into client requirements and deliverables  Work with our data (scientific, medical, and social media) and tools (Tableau, Excel, PowerPoint etc.) to develop and deliver outputs directly addressing client needs. You’ll serve as the technical data expert within our client team and build visualization to inform client recommendations.   Work closely with clients and collaboratively across Customer Success, Product, Data Science, Engineering, and other teams to facilitate successful client implementation, ongoing client success, and product advancement Serve as a thought partner and strategic advisor to the client team and organization Educate clients on life science data, the Disease Community product, and its intersections with client requirements and their disease community Help the client team execute an efficient and effective insight process on their side that aligns with Within3 solutions Contribute to the team by pitching in on myriad data tasks such as data cleaning, processing, quality control, etc., as needed Contribute to the growth and development of the team through the onboarding of new Specialists and the refinement of our project delivery processes Drive change through recommending process and performance improvement initiatives Become a subject matter expert in Within3 solutions and be well versed in our technology and value proposition vs. competitor solutions RequirementsBS in Biological Sciences, Biotech, Biomedical, Analytics, research, life sciences, healthcare, data, or other related fields or BA/MA with substantial relevant experience You are hands-on with data: Highlight prior experience handling data including business analytics and particularly Physician, Provider, Payer, Policy-Maker, or Patient-level data Minimum five (5) years industry relevant experience (Healthcare / Pharma/Biotech/Life Sciences industry experience strongly preferred) You are a problem solver: Demonstrate strong logical and analytical thinking and an ability to see patterns   You are comfortable presenting to clients at all levels and distilling complex, analytical findings, topics and analyses into easy-to-follow and compelling narratives/storytelling with appropriate data, evidence, and charts for client-ready presentation You are curious and consultative: Ability to understand clients needs and translate them into scoping and project requirements, identify and proactively offer recommendations  You are collaborative: Demonstrate the ability to work effectively across internal groups.  You have a partnership mentality: Effectively partner with internal and external teams to successfully implement and ensure ongoing customer success Strongly experienced with Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, business intelligence tools, data visualization tools, and social listening tools Experience with data visualization tools (Tableau, Tableau Desktop, PowerBI, Qlikview) Detail-oriented with strong writing and copy editing skills. Maintain consistency and integrity of data research with an eye on details for rigorous quality control Must be able to prioritize work between simultaneous deliverables, priorities, and clients Nice to HavesGainsight experience (not required) Software as a Service (SaaS) experience Additional languages are preferred but not essential (Especially Spanish, Portuguese, and/or French) Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women, members of the LGBTQ+ community and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Within3 we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.BenefitsFully remote, home-based flexible working A competitive compensation package and benefits program aligned to your location Create your own home working space, including MacBook Pro and monthly communication allowance You will benefit from our unique approach to flexible working - Work-Life Balance! And we mean it!  Growth and advancement in a forward-thinking and dynamic organization where culture is everything!  Within3 is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We invite you to consider opportunities at Within3 regardless of your gender; gender identity; gender reassignment; age; religious or similar philosophical belief; race; national origin; political opinion; sexual orientation; disability; marital or civil partnership status or other non-merit factor.

