
About Security Bank


We are the Philippines' largest independent bank, having won countless awards over the years, including Philippines' Top Employer, named by Statista, and Best Bank for Diversity and Inclusion, awarded by Asiamoney.
We’re changing how people bank. From the moment customers enter our branches to their experience online, we make them feel valued and empowered.
Now, with more than 300+ branches nationwide, BetterBanking has become the gold standard in improving the banking lives of millions of Filipinos. But we’re far from done.
In our constant pursuit of excellence and improvement, we create teams that support our business and each other.
 
 
The Role
As a Strategic Data Analyst, you will support the reporting requirements from various lines of business. This includes list generation, volume, and count summary reports of specific data requirements for implementing business decisions and monitoring campaign take off and acquisitions.
How you'll contribute 
Work with the Unsecured Lending Analytics Head to continuously challenge and dream up new underwriting, portfolio and scorecard strategies.
Perform analysis of internal and external data in support of recommended strategies.
Quantify impact of recommended strategies.
Liase with business and technical teams to implement strategies.
Perform adhoc analysis for unsecured lending business.
What we’re looking for 
Bachelor's degree in any Computer/Telecommunication, Industrial, Computer Science/Information Technology, Mathematics/Statistics, Economics, Finance/Accountancy/Banking
Minimum of 3 - 4 years of relevant experience
Working knowledge on data analytics tools such as SAS, R and Python.
Understanding of consumer lending business.
Skilled in data-driven analysis with an emphasis on Retail Lending.
With strong analytics skills with focus on pragmatism.
Excellent time management skills.
Able to deliver results across multiple projects in parallel.
Self-initiated learner with strong intellectual curiosity and creativity.
#LI-SY1
#LI-Hybrid

