
Company DescriptionMerkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 30 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. Its combined strengths in performance media, customer experience, customer relationship management, loyalty, and enterprise marketing technology drive improved marketing results and competitive advantage. With 9,600+ employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with 50+ additional offices throughout the US, EMEA, and APAC. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network. For more information, contact Merkle at 1-877-9-Merkle or visit www.merkleinc.com.Job DescriptionThe purpose of this role is to take database implementation projects through the entire development life cycle.  This role will work as the solution lead and will be directly involved in the architecture, solution design, development, testing and deployment of the solution. This role serves as the technical subject matter expert for the solution.Key responsibilities:Articulates feasible technology choices that meet the requirements; ability to put forth a viable, scalable technology point of view; be knowledgeable and conversant with the offline and online (digital) marketing technology landscapeBridges business and technical requirements to provide a cohesive, seamless solution to scale and performHas the ability to wear multiple technology hats across systems integration, technology consulting and technology solution design and architectureParticipates and leads technology discussions with prospects (RFP support)Leads large-scale technology implementations including understanding of scoping, estimation and managing timeline/budgetHas experience in legacy migration and re-platform of technology solutionsLeads technology conversations with senior management (be an internal and external technology solutions evangelist) and be the technology voice of the solutionIs responsible and accountable for the underlying client technology solution architectureLeads CRM platform development programs and roadmap Data warehouse architecture and ETL designHas experience in DB integration and execution, data architecture, database, process (ETL and services), identity Management, open source (GNU, Apache, Java, Linux, HDFS et al) tools and technologies, real-time application integration (web services) Additional InformationDentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.The anticipated salary range for this position is $113,000-$130,000. Salary is based on a range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills, other job-related qualifications, and geography.  #LI-DB2About dentsu 
Dentsu is the network designed for what’s next, helping clients predict and plan for disruptive future opportunities in the sustainable economy. Taking a people-centered approach to business transformation, dentsu combines Japanese innovation with a diverse, global perspective to drive client growth and to shape society www.dentsu.com. We are champions for meaningful progress and we strive to be a force for good—for our people, for our clients, for the industry and for our society. We keep our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. We embed diversity, in our mindset, in our solutions and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable and culturally fluent environment. Building this culture within our teams makes us better collaborators with each other and with our clients, driving better outcomes for all.Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruitingops@dentsu.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying. 

