
We currently have a vacancy for an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert fluent in English, to offer his/her services remotely within the European Union. In the context of the first assignment, the successful candidate will be integrated in the Development team of the company that will closely cooperate with a major client’s IT team on site.  Your tasksTraining of custom AI / ML / NLP models based on structured and unstructured data (text, image, video) including fine tuning pre-existing / open-source models; Defining the architecture, implementing and maintaining software solutions in the AL / ML / NLP field, including through the use and adaptation of open-source software packages; End-to-end development of AI-based software and tools, from initial concept to implementation and documentation of applications ready for deployment in production; Providing subject matter expert technical support on AI / ML / NLP to JRC/ECAT technical and scientific staff; Participating in technical working groups, progress meetings and meetings with the users and other stakeholders. RequirementsMasters degree in IT, combined with relevant professional experience of minimum of 14 years; Experience building production-grade AI/ML/NLP solutions, including fine-tuning open-source models and software solutions; Very good knowledge of Python development, including ability to use frameworks and libraries for AI, machine learning, natural language processing; Knowledge and ability to create solutions based on modern machine learning architectures, such as transformer models, recommendation systems; Knowledge and ability to use and adapt open-source software solutions and AI models, including specialised libraries and APIs (e.g., huggingface transformers); Ability to deploy the AI solutions built in operation environments, including awareness of best practices for deployment and automation, e.g., git, DevOps, containers, CI/CD; Excellent command of the English language. BenefitsIf you are seeking a career in an exciting and dynamic company, where you will offer your services as part of a team of a major European Institution, operating in an international, multilingual and multicultural environment where you can expect real chances to make a difference, please send us your detailed CV in English, quoting reference (14777/03/2023).  We offer a competitive remuneration (either on contract basis or remuneration with full benefits package), based on qualifications and experience. All applications will be treated as confidential.  EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (ED) (www.eurodyn.com) is a leading Software, Information and Communication Technologies company, operating internationally (Athens, Brussels, Luxembourg, Copenhagen, Stockholm, London, Nicosia, Hong-Kong, Valetta, etc). The company employs over 600 engineers, IT experts and consultants (around 3% PhD, 36% MSc and 53% BSc or equivalent). We design and develop software applications using state-of-the-art technology. The group generates annual revenues in the range of EURO 40 million, with an EBITDA in the range of 20%. The value of our contract portfolio exceeds EURO 250 million. EUROPEAN DYNAMICS is a renowned supplier of IT services to government institutions, multinational corporations, public administrations and multinational companies, research and academic institutes. As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, we are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion.EUROPEAN DYNAMICS (ED) adheres to the General Data Protection Regulation principles by applying its Privacy Policy as published in www.eurodyn.com/privacy. By submitting an application to this position and by sharing your personal data with ED, you acknowledge and accept its Policy and authorise ED to process your personal data for the purposes of the company's recruitment opportunities, in line to the Policy.Furthermore, when providing your data, it is up to you to explicitly consent that your data can be assessed for future job openings, for as long as you do not withdraw such consent. If you do not consent, we will not be able to consider the data you provide to us for future job openings.

