
Deeplab combines high-end software technologies with state-of-the-art machine learning and data science research to provide services and products that solve challenging real-life problems. This is a chance for you to get in on the ground floor of an exciting, fast growing AI start-up.The teamWe are currently expanding our Recommender Systems team, part of an international research and development partnership with a world-leading online advertising platform. Our team deals with disruptive projects from ideation to productization, combining innovative ML concepts with cutting-edge production technologies, within a system that serves millions daily users. You will be joining an interdisciplinary team comprising passionate ML engineers with backgrounds in both research and software development.The roleWe seek outstanding and enthusiastic Senior or Mid-level machine learning engineers with an exceptional record, who share our passion for challenging problem-solving applied to industrial problems. You will get a chance to work with cross-functional teams, both internally and together with our external collaborators, and find great opportunities to further develop yourself and Deeplab. Candidates should have a proven machine learning background, as well as in-depth understanding and hands-on practical experience in production-grade development and big data tools. Experience in at least one relevant domain dealing with real-world data is expected (RecSys, computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition, etc.). ResponsibilitiesDesign and develop machine learning algorithms and infrastructure. End-to-end ML development from idea to production. Investigate state of the art research. Invent, adapt and transform complex concepts into scalable solutions for challenging tasks.  Write production-grade ML code, perform experimentation and benchmarking, and integrate in complex production systems. Statistical modeling and data analytics. Apply deep learning in a large scale Ad Recommender System. Collaborating with a cross-functional international team that brings together the best in class AI and Software Engineering to tackle the scientific challenges Deeplab is looking to find solutions for. Working in a large code base using big data tools and state of the art technologies. RequirementsMSc (Electrical & Comp. Eng., Machine Learning, CS), and experience on implementing machine learning systems in industrial and/or large scale R&D applications. For Mid level, BSc candidates will be considered only if they have relevant industrial experience. For Senior level, nice to have: PhD; Publications in major scientific conferences journals, patents or other public/internal industrial reports as evidence of major contributions. 5+ (Senior) / 2+ (Mid) years industrial experience working on machine learning projects. Familiar with development processes using Linux, Git, CI-CD etc. Strong Python programming skills and experience using data science and machine learning packages, including at least one deep learning framework (preferably TensorFlow/Keras). Nice to have experience with Big Data technologies such as BigQuery, ElasticSearch, MySQL, MongoDB, Spark, Kubernetes, AWS/GCP. Excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to present complex analyses in a clear, concise and actionable manner. (Senior level) Leading and management skills; ability to build strong relationships in a challenging international environment. BenefitsSupplementary private health insurance. Work with bright research ML engineers, team members and collaborators around the world. Working in high-end AI-tech and having an impact in real-word applications. Fresh culture mixing academic and start-up values. Personal growth opportunities through internal knowledge sharing and reading groups. Newly designed inspirational and fresh working environment at our new offices. Flexible working hours and remote work from home. Competitive salary depending on qualifications, expertise and experience. Deeplab: An equal opportunity employerAt Deeplab, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition, and any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.About the companyDeeplab is a cutting- edge company providing state-of-the-art artificial intelligence R&D solutions to hard real-life problems. At DeepLab we try to bridge the gap between the research and the industry: we aim to advance the scientific state-of-the-art and at the same time to introduce research solutions in large-scale industrial and research projects. We also cultivate and fund academic-industrial synergies to explore new research directions and applications. Our vision is the end-to-end interdisciplinary development and exploitation of ML research providing solutions to hard real-life problems that have actual societal impact in both research and business communities. We have been working in the biotech space building strong partnerships with world-leading pharmaceutical companies in the area of drug discovery while applying state-of-the-art ML solutions on small-molecules virtual screening, single cell multi-omics data for target identification and others. At the same time, working together for the last 5 years have created a strong partnership with Taboola, where we have introduced, co-developed and are responsible for the deep learning technology behind large-scale production pipelines related to personalization and recommendation with impressive up to now results, in collaboration with a group of 50 engineers/scientists: The system serves billions of recommendations per day, with a user base of 1.4B unique users; within this multitude of data we are performing optimization and software architecture tasks by learning complex interactions between users/items. You may find more information about us at deeplab.ai.

