
Dolphin Debit is a full-service ATM management company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide (EEFT). Dolphin Debit offers a complete suite of ATM management services, from routine maintenance and monitoring to cash Management and compliance updates. This job is located in Spring, Texas in the office of Dolphin Debit.Under the direction of the Chief Technology Officer, this position is responsible for analyzing and maintaining company data systems turning data into information, information to insight, and insight to business decisions and processes.  This involves interpreting data, analyzing statistical results, creating databases, preparing reports, business analysis, and data scrubbing.  This position will also be responsible for assisting in creating KPIs for departments as well as performing other operational duties. Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Analyze business process through data interpretation. Provide business analysis on products. Work with management to prioritize business and information needs across all departments.   ATM/ITM project implementation, documentation, etc. Process documentation Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. Locate cost savings. Build out Company Power BI reports and dashboards. Ability to work well cross departmentally. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Office 365MS Power BI Data analytics Problem      solving Demonstrates      good judgment, attention to detail, and analytical thinking abilities. Strong      written and verbal communications skills Remarkable      work ethic and initiative Extensive      visual and auditory observation during work Confident,      outgoing personality RequirementsBachelor’s degree in MIS, Technology, Business, or equivalent Data/Business Analyst experience  Power BI: 2 years (Preferred) Data Analytics: 2 years (Preferred) Payment technology: 1 year (Preferred)  Microsoft SQL Server, SSQL, Access, or Oracle databases: 2 years (Preferred) Key Performance Indicators (KPI): 2 years (Preferred) Office 365: 2 years (Preferred) BenefitsAn opportunity to work at a growing and technology focused company. Euronet Worldwide Inc. offers a generous benefit package including Health, 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plan, tuition reimbursement and life insurance. We are a progressive, growth-oriented company looking for talented individuals to help us reach our goals.We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

