
Company DescriptionWhy Statkraft?
Statkraft has been making clean energy possible for over a century. That’s what we offer. 125 years of unrivalled expertise in supplying the world with what it needs most. We envision a world that runs entirely on renewable energy. Because in the fight against climate change, we don’t see renewable energy as part of the solution – we believe it must be the solution. With us, you’ll shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match.But there’s more work to be done – that’s why we need you to join us.Job DescriptionWorking in Master Data The Master Data team is part of the Global Business Services unit (GBS) which is the group’s process owner and provider of shared accounting and reporting services. The unit serves business partners worldwide.  We are on a high expansion journey, and therefore we are currently looking to further strengthening our team. Are you the one we are looking for?  In your role as a Master Data Specialist you will:  Manage global Master Data objects related to counterparties (vendor, customer, other) Provide professional service while maintaining fraud prevention protocols Communicate with stakeholders to acquire necessary information and resolve issues related to Master Data maintenance  Ensure Master Data quality Participate in internal control and reporting tasks Participate in identifying and implementing controls and procedures to prevent fraud incidents Contribute to improve Master Data processes and increase their efficiency Incorporate Master Data from acquisitions and projects Identify and resolve technical and process-related issues Provide user support and user trainings  QualificationsWe look for a qualified Master Data specialist who will play a crucial role in ensuring the accuracy and integrity of our master data, and in safeguarding against potential fraud activities. The ideal candidate has the following qualifications: Experience in managing global Master Data objects, specifically those associated with counterparties such as vendors and customers. A Bachelor's degree in a relevant field is preferred. Relevant work experience can be considered as an equivalent for the lack of higher education. Experience with MS Office  Knowledge of SAP is an advantage Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new ways of working Fluency in both written and spoken English, fluency in Norwegian or another European language is an advantage. Interest in and experience with automation and digitalization Team player with good communication and collaboration skills  Thorough way of working with an eye for details An individual with a big dose of positive attitude and energy Additional InformationInterested? 
A career with Statkraft is a career filled with purpose – meaning that every employee is not just making a living, they are making a real difference to the planet, our communities, and the future. With us, you’ll shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match. This includes:Unlimited learning opportunities at various levels of the organization including LinkedIn Learning and inspiring leadership program.The chance to grow your career alongside a truly global network of experts, leaders, specialists and graduates from different countries and backgroundsA work culture that puts emphasis on the individual, offering flexible working solutions, parental leave, and work life balance principles.A focus on fun outside of work, supported by various activity groups such as soccer, yoga, sailing, climbing, boxing, cabin rentals, and much moreStatkraft offers competitive terms of employment and benefits schemes, and we’re a trusted employer that puts the safety of our people first. We believe that a safe and healthy working environment is a matter of choice, not chanceStatkraft manages critical infrastructure and services in several countries. The applicant must be eligible for security clearance and authorization.For further information please contact Head of Masterdata, Kerstin Willmann (phone 90716277)
The position will be located at the head office in Lilleaker, Oslo. Start up as soon as possible.To apply, please submit your CV, diploma, references, and application with the deadline.Applications are handled on a rolling basis.

