
Company DescriptionREF23796CJob DescriptionThink about the billions of purchases that consumers make every single day around the world. Imagine trying to make sense of the trillions of data points that represent these purchases. From a family doing online shopping for household essentials to a quick run to the supermarket, NielsenIQ is measuring the entire consumer path to purchase to empower manufacturers and retailers to make bold decisions and transform their businesses. We collect and process billions of pieces of data every single day, transforming this raw information into cutting edge solutions powered by our unified platform - an open data ecosystem, built on Microsoft Azure. Our “Connect” platform is microservices-based, with all layers highly decoupled and focused, so we can move as quickly as technology evolves, and transform the consumer research industry in ways our clients have never seen before.   How You’ll Make a Difference As a VP of Technology – Data Engineering, you will be at the core of NielsenIQ’s future. You can expect to go deep into our tech stack, and wide across multiple products in your business segment, all while leading a best-in-class team. In summary, you will be playing a key part in the delivery of critical programs that are strategically aligned to our overall business strategy and objectives. What You’ll Do Drive delivery and end-to-end management of large-scale, business-impacting initiatives in Data Engineering space Support and lead technical conversations, including data and system architecture review, code review, and the SDLC process Lead globally distributed technology teams through programs and projects that create, enhance or maintain applications, data platforms, and/or technology systems and processes Engage with product and business leaders to understand business needs and translate these needs into executable solutions, while managing expectations, gathering requirements, and managing the RFP process for large-scale programs Establish strong relationships with key internal Clients, CoEs and other stakeholders Continuously drive process improvements including automation, reduce cloud costs, manage, coach, and foster the development of our technical talent We Are Looking for People Who Have Master’s or Bachelor’s in computer science or related field 15+ years' experience in technology roles; including experience in Software Engineering, delivery, and system and data architecture/design 6+ years' experience leading large scale, global application and/or platform development teams, preferably using Cloud native technologies. Hands-on experience in Big Data processing and building scalable enterprise data platforms using technologies like Databricks Spark, Snowflake etc. Experience in building high scalable data ingestion systems capable of handling batch and streaming data. Experience with ELT/ETL processing at scale backed with robust data management strategies to efficiently store, retain, catalog and entitle the data based on business needs. Led cross-functional, highly distributed teams through the execution of large-scale projects using Agile development Designed and built multithreaded distributed systems. Advanced understanding of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance, scalability and availability Experience driving progress towards a model of continuous deployment and testing Containerization architecture, management and orchestration expertise including experience with automation / orchestration tool evaluation and selection. Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. #LI-AK3About NIQNIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View. NIQ was founded in 1923 and is an Advent International portfolio company. For more information, visit NIQ.com  Want to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/NIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.

