
We are a global B2B2C telemedicine platform, active in 37 countries around the world. Our mission is to make professional healthcare as easy to access as advice from a friend. By transforming the way people access professional healthcare, we contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3 “to ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all."As Data Scientist / Machine Learning (ML) Engineer, in this role you will help building and improving the AI/ML solutions and infrastructure supporting our products and services, contributing to the continuous innovation cycle of the company.ResponsibilitiesYou will contribute to the development and evolution of the AI-based features of our services, ensuring the robustness and scalability of our models and solutions in a real-life and fast-growing global environment. You will use your experience to coach and support more junior colleagues in the AI Lab, promoting a strong team-work and effective working environment.TasksStudy and transform data science prototypes Design, train and retrain machine learning systems Research and implement appropriate ML algorithms and tools  Extend existing ML libraries and frameworks Select appropriate datasets and data representation methods Run machine learning tests and experiments RequirementsYou are available for a full time role, working remotely and/or in our office in Barcelona. You are a resident of Spain, France, Ireland or UK.Your skills and experience3+ years of experience in ML systems in a production environment, specifically in NLP related problems Strong knowledge of ML algorithms, statistics and software development Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn) Experience working in the cloud (AWS Sagemaker, Azure ML or GC ML) Excellent communication skills. You speak and write English at a professional level. Your attributesYou can absorb new information rapidly and think out of the box. Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills You are curious by nature and you apply that curiosity in your professional life. You are comfortable working independently and managing your own time. You prefer to work in an international environment. The startup world appeals to you as a professional choice Benefits€45,000 - €55,000 gross annual salary Classpass fitness membership Coursera online training from top universities Netflix, Disney+ or HBO account What elseYou will work in a dynamic, international environment with colleagues, clients and partners from around the world. You will have the opportunity to develop your skills and your career quickly and to establish yourself in a fast-growing company with global ambitions. You will be able to offer your friends and family free access to the Abi medical micro-consultation service, and use it yourself. We encourage applications from those with traditionally marginalised gender, racial, caste, linguistic, ethnic, religious, class or sexual identities. We look forward to learning more about you!

