
Company DescriptionExperian is the world’s leading global information services company, unlocking the power of data to create more opportunities for consumers, businesses and society. We are thrilled to share that FORTUNE has named Experian one of the 100 Best Companies to work for. In addition, for the last five years we’ve been named in the 100 “World’s Most Innovative Companies” by Forbes Magazine. With a focus on our employees, we have been certified for the third time as Great Place To Work (GPTW). Experian Consumer Information Services is redefining the way our clients do business within all aspects of the customer credit lifecycle. Fueled by best-in-class data and innovative technology we help businesses make smarter decisions, identify consumers, make decisions on loans, market to prospects and collect.Job DescriptionThe Senior Data Analyst will report into Experian Marketing Services Analytics team. The Analytics team builds and maintains Experian Marketing Services’ multiple data products. The team also works directly with clients to execute solutions for client specific needs. In addition, our team works on innovation efforts to support both generic products and insights which may be customized to fit client specific strategies. We are looking for a top analytical person to join the team to help build the next generation of innovative product and services. Responsibilities: Apply model development, advanced data mining techniques, business intelligence and time-series trend analysis in generating products or solutions.Perform exploratory data analysis to confirm data integrity and to derive appropriate analytical attributes.Work collaboratively with Analytic Consulting to provide analysis that can be presented to clients based on defined specificationsInterpret analysis results, identify trends and issues, and recommend alternatives to support business objectives.Develop new procedures for project development including creating technical specifications, checklists and standard operating proceduresParticipate in the development of process improvements for analytical processes.Attend and actively participate in Analytic Meetings and Team Info sharesQualificationsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (accounting, stats, math, business or another Statistics-related field)5+ years’ experience in practical data analysis particularly using cloud computing services such as AWS, Snowflake etc.Strong knowledge of Python and SQL requiredKnowledge of SAS, R, Spark/PySpark, Alteryx or SPSS is a plus but not necessaryDemonstrated experience with SQL, relational, and non-relational databases, particularly in processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data.Experience with business intelligence or reporting tools (Tableau preferred)Knowledge of statistical methods, model development, problem solving, and analytical skills neededFamiliarity with machine learning tools and concepts (e.g., Numpy, Pandas, Scikit, Feature Engineering) strongly desiredExperienced PC user with good working experience of Microsoft Office Suite, especially ExcelAdditional InformationOur benefits include: Medical, life and dental insurance, Asociacion Solidarista, International Share Save Plan, Flex Work, Work from home, Paid time off, Annual Performance Bonus, Education Reimbursement, Family Bonding, Bereavement Leave, Referral Program, and more.#LI-ML2Experian Careers - Creating a better tomorrow togetherFind out what its like to work for Experian by clicking here
Experian is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Our goal is to create a thriving, inclusive and diverse team where people love their work and love working together. We believe that diversity, equity and inclusion is essential to our purpose of creating a better tomorrow. We value the uniqueness of every individual and want you to bring your whole, authentic self to work. For us, this is The Power of YOU and it ensures that we live what we believe.

