
Company DescriptionGuardant Health is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through use of its proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Guardant Health oncology platform leverages capabilities to drive commercial adoption, improve patient clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs across all stages of the cancer care continuum. Guardant Health has commercially launched Guardant360®, Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 TissueNext™, Guardant360 Response™, and GuardantOMNI® tests for advanced stage cancer patients, and Guardant Reveal™ for early-stage cancer patients. The Guardant Health screening portfolio, including the Shield™ test, aims to address the needs of individuals eligible for cancer screening.Job DescriptionTo enable Guardant Health to fight cancer through data, the Outcomes and Evidence department is seeking a highly motivated Summer Intern – Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence to join our Real-World Data team to build tools that integrate all available data for the furtherance of our over 250,000 patients. At Guardant, we leverage the most advanced technologies and work with leaders in many different fields to create the most impactful and meaningful technologies for cancer management.At Guardant Health you will be at the forefront of combining personalized genomics with medical evidence to unlock cancer biology at a large scale. You will be responsible for developing pipelines that extract biological information from a diversity of sources with machine learning tools such as optical character recognition and natural language processing to create real-world evidence databases and abstractions. You will interact with a diverse team of cancer biologists, epidemiologists, data engineers, and computational biologists to develop and test hypotheses in a collaborative and fast-paced environment.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Document all code and be willing to update existing documentation.Work under supervision and in collaboration with Computational Biologists.Bring a can-do attitude to solve new and challenging problems in a high-pace environment.Be able to present updates orally, write reports and updates, and participate in technical discussions.QualificationsCompleted coursework in Machine Learning, Computer Science, and/or BioinformaticsExperience with Python is preferred.Experience with Linux HPC and comfort in terminal is a plusExperience with oncology, developmental or molecular biology is a plus Completed NLP coursework or projectsEducation:  Requires student pursuing a Bachelors or Masters in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field with strong programmatic background.Prefers students pursuing or recently completing PhD in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field with strong programmatic background. Additional InformationHybrid Work Model: At Guardant Health, we have defined days for in-person/onsite collaboration and work-from-home days for individual-focused time. All U.S. employees who live within 50 miles of a Guardant facility will be required to be onsite on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. We have found aligning our scheduled in-office days allows our teams to do the best work and creates the focused thinking time our innovative work requires. At Guardant, our work model has created flexibility for better work-life balance while keeping teams connected to advance our science for our patients.Covid Vaccination Policy:  Guardant Health requires all employees to be fully vaccinated. We follow the CDC guidelines for the definition of “fully vaccinated”, meaning an employee is consider fully vaccinated against COVID-19 after receiving the second dose of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a single-dose vaccination, and necessary booster vaccines. In addition, fully vaccinated employees will be required to maintain their fully vaccinated status under this policy by obtaining, if applicable, any FDA-approved boosters. Candidates may request and obtain an approved exemption from Guardant’s COVID-19 U.S. Vaccination Policy as a reasonable accommodation, as consistent with applicable laws.  Candidates will not be able to start their employment with Guardant until they show proof of vaccination or have an approved exemption.For positions based in Palo Alto, CA or Redwood City, CA, the hourly range for this full-time position is Undergraduate $27/hr., Graduate $32/hr., and Doctorate $40/hr. The range does not include benefits and, if applicable, overtime, bonus, commission, or equity.Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including, but not limited to, job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. If you are selected to move forward, the recruiting team will provide details specific to the factors above.Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time.Guardant Health is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our hiring processes for candidates with disabilities, long-term conditions, mental health conditions, or sincerely held religious beliefs. If you need support, please reach out to Peopleteam@guardanthealth.comGuardant Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.To learn more about the information collected when you apply for a position at Guardant Health, Inc. and how it is used, please review our Privacy Notice for Job Applicants.Please visit our career page at: http://www.guardanthealth.com/jobs/

