
Turtl is an exciting software company with more than 300 customers around the world and 120+ employees based in London and Boston. Our software enables anyone to create, personalize, publish and track digital documents - with no need for specialist design or coding skills. Turtl is used by businesses of all sizes, from small organizations to big names, such as Cisco, Nestle and Lexus. We think there’s huge potential for growth given the wide applicability of our software and the clear benefits we’re hearing from customers. It’s a fast-paced work environment, so we’re looking for talented people who want to continuously learn and actively embrace challenges. You’ll find Turtl a straightforward and open place to work, where colleagues can be relied on to help. If you’re ready to take that next step in your career, then it’s a great time to be joining the team!THE ROLEBuilding efficient systems to collect, manage and process raw data into high quality and reliable data sets while helping evolve our modern data stack to meet the requirements of the business. Working together with the Head of Data and rest of the team you will help define and deliver the data roadmap for Turtl, the business who is putting Digital Document Performance at the heart of every business.WHAT YOU’LL DOEvolve existing data ingestion pipelines, including ensuring data quality and monitoring of services to serve our SaaS product. Develop existing capabilities for ingesting and processing data from multiple external services our business is using in different teams.  Centralise all sources, including OLTP databases, into our data warehouse on Databricks and ensure it evolves into a clean and usable data set, maintaining historical transaction logs. Develop a semantic layer over the data sets. Prepare the necessary data sets for machine learning and insight generation. Develop a stable and scalable reverse ETL solution. Develop the necessary systems to evolve our customer facing analytics product. RequirementsYou are an experienced Data engineer who has experience in building pipelines to ingest, process and store data in data warehouses and lakes in continuous, reliable and optimized manner for fast querying and easy discoverability for the rest of the data team.    You have strong foundation in using Spark (using either PySpark or Scala), SQL and preferably have Databricks experience. Proven experience working in a multi-functional team with practices such as automated testing, code review and QA. Ability to quickly absorb business context and connect the dots across the organization, understanding the business vision and how this translates into our roadmap. A passion for defining and scoping projects before jumping into rabbit holes. Understanding of your own rhythm of work and what influences it. Clear communication and appreciation for receiving and offering constructive feedback. BenefitsA competitive base salary between €45,000 - €70,000 euros (depending on experience). Stock Options Mature team with well defined and simple processes meant to empower our work Appreciation of engineering practices such as automated testing, infrastructure as code, CI/CD EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES STATEMENTTurtl is an equal opportunity employer and are committed to growing a diverse workforce that represents all people regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, age, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability or neurodiversity. We encourage applications from all backgrounds and will make any recruitment or interview adjustments that will ensure a comfortable candidate experience.

