
Job DescriptionSIXT is a global market leader in the mobility space and sets the pace for innovation like nobody else. We are transforming the industry to become fully digitalized and offer our customers an answer to all mobility needs they have. Our vision is: Transform the world moves, because people expect better. Join our Data Science team and make the magic happen. We drive  business processes like pricing and many more with the use of sophisticated algorithms. For this purpose, we design, develop and maintain state of the art machine learning models and manifold optimization solvers as well as simulation models. As a member of this team, your work will improve the experience of millions of our customers and have a direct impact on our business results. Apply now and join our journey and become a part of the SIXT family.  Do what you loveDevelop further and maintain a solid infrastructure within the Data Science team, with a focus on DevOps processes and cloud technologies.Establish and extend tools to automate our Data Science Tech Stack to continuously enhance MLOps processes, including model deployment and data pipelines.Ensure a reliable and scalable deployment foundation for our Data Science ML models and algorithms and work closely with other departments like cloud infrastructure.Collaborate effectively with stakeholders from other departments to achieve our business goals.Build and maintain IaC (infrastructure as code) using tools like Terraform or CloudFormation to manage cloud resources.Make data science experiments production-ready, monitored, robust, and scalable QualificationsCome as you areStrong background in DevOps, cloud technologies (AWS and/or GCP) and software engineering.Solid coding skills in Python and experience with continuous integration/continuous deployment approaches.Knowledge of data engineering, including data modeling, database systems, and ETL processes.Familiarity with containerization technologies such as Docker and container orchestration systems such as Kubernetes.Experience with monitoring and logging tools to detect and diagnose issues in machine learning models and the infrastructure supporting them.Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with fluency in English and an appreciation for cultural diversity.Additional InformationWorking at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits. This means especially for you: 28 days of vacation, no dress code, a hybrid working model and flexible working hours. In our modern office, with new equipment, you can stock up on coffee at any time and spend your lunch break with colleagues in the on-site restaurant that provides healthy and delicious food for everyone.  Moreover, we offer you a super international working environment, numerous trainings for your individual development, participation in external conferences and we even organize internal dev & tech talks. It is very important to us that you can develop personally and grow within our company.  Furthermore, you can benefit from our Coverflex advantage system. With this system you can select the benefits you want - This way you can decide for yourself what you want to use your benefits for! In addition, your colleagues are pretty awesome. Which is important when you spend so much time together, and besides, no wonder when you get a bonus for referring friends as new employees. Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, in which everyone can develop their personality and ideas. About us:We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of €1.53 billion and around 7,000 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 205,400 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,070 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!

