
Canva’s Commitment and MissionAt Canva, we celebrate diversity. We deeply believe that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key to building the best product, team and company. We look for many different skills and abilities, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. So, even if you don’t think you quite meet all of the skills listed or tick all the boxes, we’d still love to hear from you! Our mission at Canva is to empower the world to design and since launching in 2013, we have grown exponentially, amassing over 110+ million monthly active users across 190 different countries and a team of over 3,400 people… and the best bit is that we’ve only achieved 1% of what we know we’re capable of. Join us and design your future. At Canva, our mission is to empower the world to design, and we’re looking for insightful data analysts who can help us make that happen.Our product has grown enormously in the last few years. We now have 10s of millions of users generating enormous quantities of data every single day. To help us fuel our future growth, we need to better understand our data - this is where we need your help.We're looking for self-motivated individuals who are curious about our product and our users, and who are excited to seek out valuable insights. We don’t want you to just be a resource that answers questions - we want you to act as a genuine data partner with your team and the  broader business. We have a LOT of data and need people who can use their skills to help us make the most of it!You’ll be coming into a diverse team of more than thirty people, who really do enjoy finding answers to the problems that our users have. We’re looking forward to continuing to grow our team and gaining a range of new perspectives and ideas on how we can achieve our goals and help more people.About the groupThe product marketing team is on a mission to empower our Canva community to achieve its goals through Canva’s world-class products and tools. We do this by helping bring our new products to market and drive continuous engagement and adoption across our array of existing products.
Role Responsibilities
Find insights that help us understand both Canva and our customers - we want you to be creative and insightful, rather than just throwing the usual metrics at the wall to see what sticksUse our giant databases to answer the sort of questions that sound really simple but turn out to be challenging (and fun!)Build and maintain dashboards for our product teams, and make them look really good - you don’t need to be a designer or have any design talent, you just need to want to build cool thingsOwn projects, data models, dashboards, and other artefacts and keep them up-to-date and high quality in a hypergrowth environmentHelp us extend data literacy and curiosity throughout the whole companySuggest and run interesting experiments that will actually move our metrics - when we push tests to 100% we want to actually see the bump in the relevant graphRequired Skills & Experience
Strong competency with SQL; experience with data warehouses such as Snowflake, Redshift, or BigQuery is a plus!Experience wrangling and analysing data using Python or RExperience with optimising product funnels, running experiments, and building dashboards that effectively communicate results and outcomesA grounding in mathematics / statistics and a bachelor's degree in a STEM area is preferred; but not requiredExperience with very large data sets is a huge plus, but not requiredStrong communication skills - verbal and written - be able to break down complex topics into simple solutions and ideasOne of our core values at Canva, “Being a force for good” means we are actively working towards a world that isn't just good for a small few, but one that’s good for everyone. We believe deeply that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key for building the best product for our equally diverse community. To achieve this, we need to constantly work towards making Canva the best place to work, for everyone.If you're a passionate data analyst seeking a truly challenging opportunity with one of the world's premier technology companies, then apply now to start the discussion with us!Working at Canva Our culture is unlike anywhere else and we design your #CanvaLife experience to empower you to do the best work of your life.  Whether you’re in the office, working from home or choosing your own adventure, our benefits for permanent Canvanauts include: 	• Equity packages for you to truly be a part of the Canva journey. 	• We have a hybrid work model (in-office & from home), with our offices are always open to you balancing flexibility and connection	• Flexible leave so you can recharge, give back, support others or focus on your own professional development.	• Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents and carers throughout their parenting and caring journey.	• An annual Vibe & Thrive allowance. This is for you to spend on whatever will support your wellbeing and development.. because you know what you need to Vibe and Thrive, better than anyone.	• Virtual and in-office wellness benefits including Canva University, Employee Assistant Programs and Fitness & Meditation Classes.	• Canva For Good program matching your not-for-profit donations, Force for Good leave (3 paid volunteering days) and a range of sustainability and ethical initiatives to get involved in.   We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion. Please note that interviews are conducted virtually. When you apply, please tell us the pronouns you use and any reasonable adjustments you may need during the interview process.

