
Uncovering impactful insights from droves of sales data? Automating and optimizing inefficient data flows and processes to power robust visualizations? Partnering to create and shape a data analytics & insights-driven culture from the ground up all while having fun in the process? If any of these initiatives excite you, we would love for you to join our team!  Identiv is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Sales Data Analyst who will play a critical role on the Identiv Sales Operations team. Primary responsibilities of this newly created role include identifying and reporting on key indicators for sales performance and market opportunity, utilizing data automation & business intelligence to make these indicators readily available, and conducting deep analysis to uncover insights that will help advise the Sales Leadership Team’s strategic agenda for current and future revenue growth. In addition, this person will own key projects and deliverables of the Sales Operations team’s yearly business planning (sales & product performance analysis, territory planning, quota setting, etc.), pipeline analysis & Identiv’s sales forecasting program, top-of-funnel lead reporting, etc.  This role is remote-friendly and will report to the Director, of Sales Operations. A successful candidate will be an analytical rock star that can balance operations with strategy & planning and is not afraid to ask difficult questions and proactively seek the answers for them.  One will also be able to analyze large quantities of data, quickly synthesize value-add recommendations, and confidently present to our senior leadership team.  You should excel at balancing strategic thinking with pragmatic independent execution and enjoy the ambiguity of solving problems with data.  Finally, a “rolling up your sleeves” and team-based attitude is imperative.  Responsibilities Become a subject matter expert on our      sales and go-to-market strategy Build intuitive and interactive dashboards      via Tableau that effectively illustrate trends and insights for the Sales      team and Leadership Define,      develop, standardize, distribute, and enhance our sales-facing reporting      and KPIs to      track business performance and advise sales leadership. This includes (but is not limited to):      monthly/quarterly/annual performance analysis, pipeline funnel reviews, sales      commissions, and other sales programs to improve execution Ensure operational excellence by      recommending systems enhancements & utilizing analytical tools to      improve our data flows and processes in an automated and scalable manner. Become an expert on all sales-related data      within Salesforce.com and assist with data governance, data auditing, custom      reporting, and dashboard creation  Be able to quickly synthesize information,      structure a concise clear presentation of findings to an executive      audience, and prioritize issues as appropriate Develop relationships with      Sales and Sales Ops leaders to ensure programs, analytics initiatives, and      communications are aligned with our priorities and outcomes Establish strong working relationships      with cross-functional partners (Sales, Finance, Marketing, Systems, etc.)  Assist with administering growing sales      tech stack  Be the go-to resource for ad-hoc sales      analysis for the global sales organization Requirements3+ years of experience in a      sales strategy, data analysis, business intelligence, or other analytical roles Advanced proven experience with data analysis/manipulation      tools (SQL, Alteryx, Excel) and BI/analytics tools (e.g. Tableau,      Salesforce.com dashboards & custom reporting, or other BI software) Strong experience with Salesforce.com Reports &      Dashboards (Admin experience a plus)  Possess a consultative mentality and a      true willingness to dive deep into fully understanding business requirements Demonstrated problem-solving &      analytical skills and ability to show good judgment in decision making Excellent attention to detail Ability to prioritize and handle multiple      tasks in an efficient professional manner while meeting deadlines Strong      interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to present technical      content to general audiences Positive "can do" attitude and      comfortable working in a fast-paced environment BenefitsAt Identiv, we believe in the importance of pay equity. Your base salary is an important part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. Your salary/compensation will be determined based on factors such as geographic location, skills, education, and/or experience.In the spirit of pay transparency, the base salary range for this position is between $75,000 – 110,000 annually.Total compensation package includes:Competitive Base Pay Fidelity 401(k) + Company Match 10 Company Paid Holidays Unlimited/Discretionary Paid Time Off for Exempt employees Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance FSA/HSA Supplemental Life Insurance, AD&D Insurance, and Dependent Care plans A range of discounted products and free services Identiv recommends those who feel they may be overqualified or out of range to apply as accommodations may be up leveled for an extraordinary candidate.We believe in the importance of hiring the finest qualified people, and to that end, and being mindful of our responsibilities to our employees and customers, all offers of employment are contingent upon the results of a confidential pre-employment background check. Identiv is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Identiv will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Identiv, Inc. abides by the requirements of 41CFR 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5.

