
Tiger Analytics is looking for experienced Data Scientists to join our fast-growing advanced analytics consulting firm.  Our consultants bring deep expertise in Data Science, Machine Learning, and AI.  We are the trusted analytics partner for multiple Fortune 500 companies, enabling them to generate business value from data. Our business value and leadership has been recognized by various market research firms, including Forrester and Gartner. We are looking for top-notch talent as we continue to build the best global analytics consulting team in the world.   As a Senior Data Scientist, you will apply strong expertise in AI through the use of machine learning, data mining, and information retrieval to design, prototype, and build next-generation advanced analytics engines and services. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams and business partners to define the technical problem statement and hypotheses to test. You will develop efficient and accurate analytical models which mimic business decisions and incorporate those models into analytical data products and tools. You will have the opportunity to drive the current and future strategy by leveraging your analytical skills as you ensure business value and communicate the results. Key ResponsibilitiesCollaborate with business partners to develop innovative solutions to meet objectives utilizing cutting edge techniques and tools. Effectively communicate the analytics approach and how it will meet and address objectives to business partners.  Advocate and educate on the value of data-driven decision making; focus on the “how and why” of solutioning. Design and evaluate linguistic ontology for text/speech data labeling (to be done by human annotators and used for ML training data). Write scripts to pull and prepare data from logs for linguistic analysis Communicate LDL (Language Design and Labeling) perspective to engineering and product teams at both low (technical) and high (business) levels. Occasionally contribute to AI/ML research discussions and brainstorming sessions. Especially concerning neural network-based approaches, as well as content retrieval and ranking. Understand in detail both linguistics and ML components of the project to facilitate cross-team communication and collaborative work  Stay connected with external sources of ideas through conferences and community engagements. RequirementsBachelor's Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, or a related field 2+ years of Data Science and Machine Learning experience required Strong python scripting and excel skills for data manipulation and analysis Experience working with Linguistic Data. Proficiency with Statistics and Machine Learning concepts and modeling techniques to solve problems such as clustering, classification, regression, anomaly detection, simulation, and optimization problems on large-scale data sets REST API Knowledge Ability to apply various analytical models to business use cases (NLP, Supervised, Un-Supervised, Neural Nets, etc.) Exceptional communication and collaboration skills to understand business partner needs and deliver solutions Basic knowledge of Databricks, S3, Elasticsearch. Theoretical linguistics (syntax and semantics) knowledge is a plus. Experience with and understanding of intent classification and slot filling BenefitsThis position offers an excellent opportunity for significant career development in a fast-growing and challenging entrepreneurial environment with a high degree of individual responsibility. 

