
EquipmentShare is Hiring a Principal Data Scientist
EquipmentShare is searching for a Principal Data Scientist to join our team. This position is fully remote.
What You’ll Do as a Principal Data Scientist
Despite having been fundamentally altered by earlier industrial revolutions, the construction industry has hardly budged with the computer revolution. In fact, since 1970, labor productivity in the US construction industry has actually declined, despite it more than doubling in the rest of the economy. This has contributed to housing shortages and the parlous state of infrastructure in some places, and is sanding the gears of carbon reduction efforts.
We think the industry is ripe for change, and we’re pushing the leading edge of that change with our next generation T3 Platform, the OS for Construction. Through T3, we help contractors to coordinate humans and (increasingly smarter) machines to build more effectively.
As a Principal Data Scientist in our small and quickly growing team, you will play a major role in this effort. In particular, you will
Help to define the company’s data science strategy
Identify new opportunities and blaze trails in new areas
Lead key projects
Help to develop the capacities of the team by recruiting new talent, shaping best practices, providing mentorship and demonstrating excellence in the data scientist role
About You
Our mission is to change an entire industry, so we only hire people inspired by the goal and up for the challenge. In turn, our employees have every opportunity to grow with us, achieve personal and professional success and enjoy making a tangible difference in a crucial industry for human welfare.
Minimum Qualifications for a Principal Data Scientist
A recognized leader in the fields of data science and/or machine learning engineering, with demonstrated capacity to mentor and teach
Graduate degree (PhD strongly preferred), or equivalent practical experience, in statistics, computer science, machine learning, operations research or related field
8+ years working on technology-powered products in senior roles in data science, machine learning engineering, or a closely related discipline
Ability to think strategically about data science and machine learning within a growing company and a developing product
Strong cross-functional communication skills
Must be qualified to work in the United States or the United Kingdom - we are not sponsoring any candidates at this time
Why We’re a Better Place to Work
Competitive compensation packages 
401 (k) and company match
Health insurance and medical coverage benefits
Unlimited paid time off
Generous paid parental leave
Volunteering and local charity initiatives that help you nurture and grow the communities you call home
Opportunities for career and professional development with conferences, events, seminars, continued education
State of the art onsite gym (Corporate HQ)/Gym stipend for remote employees
Since our incorporation in 2015, we’ve had explosive growth — and we’re not stopping anytime soon. Ready to invest in our mission, invest in yourself and discover a better place to work? Then, we’d love to meet you.
At EquipmentShare, it’s more than just a job — it’s a calling. Apply today. 
EquipmentShare is an EOE M/F/D/V
 
 
 

