
Company DescriptionNatixis is part of the Global Financial Services business unit, the global arm of Groupe BPCE, specialized in Asset & Wealth Management and Corporate & Investment Banking and counts nearly 16,000 employees across 38 countries.The Groupe BPCE, the second-largest banking group in France through its two retail banking networks, Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne.Natixis in Portugal mission is to transform traditional banking services by developing innovative solutions for the bank’s business, operations and work culture, being a key driver of the company’s culture of agility and innovation. Teams of IT and Banking Support Activities work in an integrated, inclusive and transversal way, supporting all the business lines and country platforms.Job DescriptionTeam presentation and main goal:As part of the Finance Direction, you will integrate the Financial Data Integrity department (FDI) which oversees the labelling of financial data for CIB activities of Natixis (balance sheet and off-balance sheet).This department counts about 140 people with a target to be bilocated (80 in Porto and 60 in Paris).You will join a team of 6 people in Porto.As a Senior Financial Data Quality Analyst, of a major French banking institution with international dimension, you will:Support Data Management initiative for internal & regulatory requirement toward improvement of the quality of reports produced by Natixis CIB;Participate in the Data monitoring for CIB activities (Financing, Global market, etc.)You will be in contact with the other teams of FDI (specifically those which oversee Data Sourcing and Data Quality controls), the internal Finance partners and Finance IT teams.Perimeters:As a Senior Financial Data Quality Analyst, your main responsibilities will be:Manage data visualization tools for businesses;Design and implement new dashboards;Design and implement data architectures;Support for the management and enhancement of the data visualization and BI solutions;Collect and translate the business requirements into solutions;Creation, ownership, and maintenance of scheduled reporting including Power Bi dashboards. Additional information:You will be part of a bi-localised team with a local manager and a functional manager Paris based, with regular interactions Paris team.The ability to develop a network within the various teams of the Natixis ecosystem, and an aptitude for collaborative and group work are key factors of success in this position.Qualifications5+ years of experience in the following skills:Hard Skills:Masters degree in Finance, Math, Data Science or Engineering;Successful experience as a Data Analyst;Experience using a data visualization tool e.g. Power BI and Tableau (we use Power BI);Be comfortable manipulating Data using DAX, M, Excel, SQL;Ability to synthetize complex datasets and trends into easy-to-understand visualizations and dashboards;First experience in banking;Fluent in English (mandatory);Knowledge of French is a plus.Soft Skills:Relationship & communication skills;Strong analytical mind-set, problem solving, planning & organisation skills;Curious and willing to investigate into database and move the issues forward;Pro-active attitude with ability to work in a fast changing and demanding environment;Strong capacity of teamwork;Coach to solve problems quickly, encourage, congratulate and recognise employees for their successes.Additional InformationEarly morning. Campo 24 de Agosto. In 4 minutes, you are clocking in at the office. After grabbing a cup of coffee and fresh fruit, pick up your laptop and choose your spot for the day. It's going to be a busy one: French class before lunch and, just after, quick medical appointment at Natixis doctor's office. Lunch break. Outside in the big terrace (look at your crops at the Urban Garden; ready to harvest!) or, if you feel like stretching your legs, walk downtown to grab lunch. Back inside. Quick sprint review (working together anywhere means virtual happy birthday to that colleague in Paris that just turned 35). The afternoon went flying (tasks, reports, calls, some jokes with your teammates). End it on a high note: just one PlayStation game or the final match for that ping-pong tournament. Tomorrow, you complete that certified technical training and the day after, you will work from home, taking advantage to finally do that online course on Udemy. Once you are done with your tasks for the day, you can visit the office for a board games session or show up at the rehearsal of one of Natixis bands. If that is too steady for you, meet your colleagues to surf some waves or join them in a football match.

