
Company DescriptionFor over 10 years, Zscaler has been disrupting and transforming the security industry. Our 100% purpose-built cloud platform delivers the entire gateway security stack as a service through 150 global data centers to securely connect users to their applications, regardless of device, location, or network in over 185 countries protecting over 3,500 companies and 100 Million threats detected a day.We work in a fast-paced, dynamic, and make it happen culture. Our people are some of the brightest and passionate in the industry that thrives on being the first to solve problems.  We are always looking to hire highly passionate, collaborative, and humble people that want to make a difference.  Job DescriptionPosition: Senior Staff Engineer(Java /C and Big Data)Location: Bangalore/Chandigarh /Hyderabad, IndiaIn this role, you will have the opportunity to work on our ZDX product.  Zscaler Digital experience is an offering from Zscaler to measure and improve end-user's digital experience. Purpose-built with today's cloud applications in mind, it gives visibility into performance issues faced by users in accessing applications and helps triage problems faster. Join us to build a web-scale user experience platform.What you will do:You will be responsible for product features related to data transformations, enrichment, and analyticsYou will discuss with product managers, UX designers, and other backend teams to understand requirements and translate the same into functional specifications You will seize every opportunity to refactor code in the interests of  maintainability and reusabilityLead and Provide technical direction and mentorship to junior engineers and bring out the best in themThe ideal candidate has a proven track record of building large scale enterprise products, and is a creative thinker, problem solver, learner, and a fantastic manager of people, and is motivated with engineering excellence.QualificationsRequirements:Education: BS Computer Science or EquivalentMinimum 9 years of software development experienceExperience in Core Java, Concurrency, and Distributed ComputingExperience in building high performance, scalable web servicesExperience using batch and stream processing frameworks like Spark/Kafka Streaming, Spring batch or equivalentExperience developing microservices and API'sProficiency with Tomcat installation and configuration.Proficiency with Maven (preferred) or Gradle builds and dependency management systems.5+ years experience writing unit test, stubs, mocks in a TDD environment using JUnit, REST Assured, or TestNGExperience with CI & CD systems such as Jenkins or BambooMetrics-driven development experience and experience using metrics systems like  Grafana, Prometheus, etcDesired skills:Ability to write code that can perform efficiently in a big data setupExperience with big-data technologies like Spark, Redshift, etc.Strong knowledge of various DBMS systems including NoSQL architectures and design principlesExperience tuning JVM for optimal application performanceSuccessfully delivered software products from ideation through to implementation and supportExperience with any Graph Database like AWS Neptune, Neo4j, Spark Graphx, etc.Understanding of statistics and machine learningAdditional InformationWhy Zscaler?People who excel at Zscaler are smart, motivated, and share our values. Ask yourself: Do you want to team with the best talent in the industry? Do you want to work on disruptive technology? Do you thrive in a fluid work environment? Do you appreciate a company culture that enables individual and group success and celebrates achievement? If you said yes, we’d love to talk to you about joining our award-winning team.Learn more at zscaler.com or follow us on Twitter @zscaler. Additional information about Zscaler (NASDAQ: ZS ) is available athttp://www.zscaler.com.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.Why Zscaler?People who excel at Zscaler are smart, motivated and share our values. Ask yourself: Do you want to team with the best talent in the industry? Do you want to work on disruptive technology? Do you thrive in a fluid work environment? Do you appreciate a company culture that enables individual and group success and celebrates achievement? If you said yes, we’d love to talk to you about joining our award-winning team. Additional information about Zscaler (NASDAQ: ZS ) is available at https://www.zscaler.com. 
Zscaler is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.Zscaler is committed to providing reasonable support (called accommodations or adjustments) in our recruiting processes for candidates who are differently abled, have long term conditions, mental health conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs, or who are neurodivergent or require pregnancy-related support. If you need support, please contact us by sending an email to accommodations@zscaler.com.   This email address is used specifically for accommodation requests only, and resumes, CV's, or questions other than accommodations will not be replied to or accepted.

