
About Us
At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
This internship is targeting students with experience and interest in Data Engineering.
The Data Engineer Intern delivers full-stack data solutions across the entire data processing pipeline. This role relies on systems engineering principles to design and implement solutions that span the data lifecycle - collect, ingest, process, store, persist, access, and deliver data at scale and at speed. It includes knowledge of local, distributed, and cloud-based technologies, data virtualization, and all security and authentication mechanisms required to protect the data. 
What you'll do
Work through all stages of a data solution lifecycle, e.g., analyze / profile data, create conceptual, logical and physical data model designs, architect and design ETL, reporting and analytics.
Knowledge of modern enterprise data architectures, design patterns, and data toolsets and the ability to apply them.
Identify key metrics and build exec-facing dashboards to track progress of the business and its highest priority initiatives. 
Identify key business levers, establish cause & effect, perform analyses, and communicate key findings to various stakeholders to facilitate data driven decision-making. 
Work closely across the business teams like Finance, Sales, Marketing, Legal, Customer Support, Product, Engineering.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience
Pursuing degree in M.S in Computer Science, Data Analytics, or a related field
Proficiency in data modeling techniques and understanding of normalization
Has software engineering experience
Strong problem solving, conceptualization, and communication skills
Distributed data systems (e.g., Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Streaming)
Data APIs (GraphQL)
Database systems (SQL and NO SQL)
Languages: SQL, Python, Scala, Golang, Shell Scripting, Java Script
Full-stack (frameworks such as React, AngularJS and NodeJS)
Role will be located in Austin, TX or San Francisco, CA.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.

