
Working At Bitso
We are a diverse team that takes pride in understanding the perspectives of others. We fully embrace working remotely and we are eager to act, improve and accelerate progress inside and outside of our organization.
To drive revolutionary changes in society and make crypto useful, we delight our customers with world-class products, deep care, and intentional empathy.Your Purpose 
Inside the Data Science team, you will contribute with rigorous behavioral analysis and disruptive experimentation across the organization to understand our users and create a world-class product for them. 
Reports To
Lead of Experimentation and Behavioral Science.
Who You Are 
Failure to meet any of the following required qualifications could result in an automatic rejection.
Proven English fluency.
Eagerness to understand human behavior and use experimental interventions to solve business problems.
Knowledge of Behavioral Science concepts and tools to analyze decision-making.
Prior work using R or Python to make regression analysis.
Previous experience that required data analytics and communication with non-technical stakeholders.
Knowledge of causal inference models. 
Prior experience using SQL to obtain data and manipulate databases.
Bachelor’s degree in economics, psychology, or any social sciences. But if you have previous experience with Randomized Control Trials and Behavioral Sciences we invite you to apply.
Also, it is a plus if you have: 
Prior experience in Growth or Behavioral Science Areas.
Proven experience designing, launching, and evaluating Randomized Control Trials. 
Proven studies in Behavioral Science. 
What You Will Do 
Behavioral Analysis to understand users behavior and identify business opportunities.
Build econometric models to answer business questions.
Creative insights-driven initiatives that lead to improve our product.
Design, launch and evaluate Randomized Control Trials across the organization.
Communicate results with different stakeholders.
Create, gather and manage insights across the organization.
Design communication strategies to boost profitability, retention and engagement.
 
#LI-Remote 
#LI-MD1Who We Are
With over 5 million users, Bitso is the leading cryptocurrency platform in Latin America. We are developing the cryptocurrency ecosystem in the region and enabling financial inclusion. We believe crypto is the future of finance, and we’re committed to making it useful by providing equal access to safe and intuitive financial products.
We are here to make a lasting impact on our customer’s lives and we do so by embracing our core values:
Be Human: we delight our customers through great products, deep care and true empathy. We are humble and we take pride in understanding the views of others to help us see the full picture.
Drive Change: we're fearless pioneers committed to unlocking the crypto revolution for humanity. We move fast, take risks and work together to drive lasting impact.
Choose Bold Honesty: we seek the truth, especially when it’s uncomfortable, in our teams, products and business reality because that will uncover where we need to focus.
Be An Owner: our sense of urgency makes us have a bias towards action, where we prioritize exceptionally and are wise in allocating our time to ensure we always deliver creative and innovative results.
Learn more about our culture and values.
Compensation & Benefits
At Bitso, you are taking the front seat on the edge of crypto innovation, creating the next generation of crypto-powered products.
So for those willing to commit, adapt and pioneer the most important change of the century we offer:
Me Time program, including unlimited paid time off.
Remote-first work environment.
Employee Stock Option program.
Zero trading fees through our Bitso app.
Extended Family Leave policy: all birthing parents, non-birthing parents and adopting parents are eligible for a 4-months leave.
Premium health, dental and life insurances in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
Mental wellness platform.
Volunteering days.
Subsidized caregiving for children, adults or pets.
Monthly stipend for gym memberships, relaxation activities, sports equipment, cooking classes, books, entertainment and more.
Want to leave an undoubtedly legacy with us? Fasten your seatbelt and join this spaceship, where you will find exponential growth and the opportunity to thrive!
These are the applicable requisites, although equivalent competencies in any of the above will also be considered.
This role is expected to work remotely.
To see our Privacy Policy please click here.

