
Working At Bitso
We are a diverse team that takes pride in understanding the perspectives of others. We fully embrace working remotely and we are eager to act, improve and accelerate progress inside and outside of our organization.
To drive revolutionary changes in society and make crypto useful, we delight our customers with world-class products, deep care, and intentional empathy.Your Purpose 
Inside the Data Science team, you will do statistical and economics research to gather valuable insights and translate them into experimental initiatives that lead to structural changes across the organization.
Reports To
Lead of Experimentation and Behavioral Science.
Who You Are 
Failure to meet any of the following required qualifications could result in an automatic rejection. 
Proven English fluency.
Interest in building a career as a Data Scientist.
Prior work using R or Python to build econometric models.
Previous experience with statistical or economic research.
Ability to communicate insights to non-technical stakeholders.
Knowledge of causal inference models and basic financial concepts.
Prior experience using SQL to obtain data and manipulate databases.
Experience with survey design. 
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Math, Finance, Actuarial Sciences, or similar. 
Also, it is a plus if you have: 
Knowledge of Machine Learning Models.
What You Will Do 
Build econometric models to answer business questions.
Create a hypothesis based on exploratory data analysis.
Design, launch, and evaluate Randomized Control Trials across the organization.
Communicating results with different stakeholders.
Economic analysis to solve business problems.
Design surveys and interpret results.
 
#LI-Remote 
#LI-MD1Who We Are
With over 5 million users, Bitso is the leading cryptocurrency platform in Latin America. We are developing the cryptocurrency ecosystem in the region and enabling financial inclusion. We believe crypto is the future of finance, and we’re committed to making it useful by providing equal access to safe and intuitive financial products.
We are here to make a lasting impact on our customer’s lives and we do so by embracing our core values:
Be Human: we delight our customers through great products, deep care and true empathy. We are humble and we take pride in understanding the views of others to help us see the full picture.
Drive Change: we're fearless pioneers committed to unlocking the crypto revolution for humanity. We move fast, take risks and work together to drive lasting impact.
Choose Bold Honesty: we seek the truth, especially when it’s uncomfortable, in our teams, products and business reality because that will uncover where we need to focus.
Be An Owner: our sense of urgency makes us have a bias towards action, where we prioritize exceptionally and are wise in allocating our time to ensure we always deliver creative and innovative results.
Learn more about our culture and values.
Compensation & Benefits
At Bitso, you are taking the front seat on the edge of crypto innovation, creating the next generation of crypto-powered products.
So for those willing to commit, adapt and pioneer the most important change of the century we offer:
Me Time program, including unlimited paid time off.
Remote-first work environment.
Employee Stock Option program.
Zero trading fees through our Bitso app.
Extended Family Leave policy: all birthing parents, non-birthing parents and adopting parents are eligible for a 4-months leave.
Premium health, dental and life insurances in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
Mental wellness platform.
Volunteering days.
Subsidized caregiving for children, adults or pets.
Monthly stipend for gym memberships, relaxation activities, sports equipment, cooking classes, books, entertainment and more.
Want to leave an undoubtedly legacy with us? Fasten your seatbelt and join this spaceship, where you will find exponential growth and the opportunity to thrive!
These are the applicable requisites, although equivalent competencies in any of the above will also be considered.
This role is expected to work remotely.
To see our Privacy Policy please click here.

