
Company DescriptionWe help the world see new possibilities and inspire change for better tomorrows. Our analytic solutions bridge content, data, and analytics to help business, people, and society become stronger, more resilient, and sustainable.Job DescriptionCustomer Experience  - Visualization Analyst (Power BI)Responsible for working with our business partners to create Power BI dashboards which help drive business decisions.Model the data by writing SQL queries/Python codes to support dashboard requirements.Help the team in enhancing existing dashboards.Working with business partners to increase dashboards usage.Gathers and analyzes data and develops architectural requirements at project level.Researches and evaluates emerging visualization technology, industry and market trends to create a long term roadmap for dashboards.Coaches and mentors team members.Long term development and Technical expertise in DW/BI Practice, communicate well with all stakeholders, optimize objectives, leverage state of the art tools and best practices, integrate into corporate systems and deliver on time.Should have independently worked on designing and launching dashboards.QualificationsSkills RequiredA minimum of 2-4 years of experience in data architecture and ModelingA Minimum of 2 years of experience on Power BI tool.Deep understanding in Dimensional Modelling, Data Analysis, Data Conversion/Transformation and Database Design etc.Knowledge of SQL language is mandatory (python will be preferred).Additional InformationAt the heart of what we do is help clients manage risk. Verisk (Nasdaq: VRSK) provides data and insights to our customers in insurance, energy and the financial services markets so they can make faster and more informed decisions.   Our global team uses AI, machine learning, automation, and other emerging technologies to collect and analyze billions of records. We provide advanced decision-support to prevent credit, lending, and cyber risks. In addition, we monitor and advise companies on complex global matters such as climate change, catastrophes, and geopolitical issues.  But why we do our work is what sets us apart. It stems from a commitment to making the world better, safer and stronger.  It’s the reason Verisk is part of the UN Global Compact sustainability initiative. It’s why we made a commitment to balancing 100 percent of our carbon emissions. It’s the aim of our “returnship” program for experienced professionals rejoining the workforce after time away. And, it’s what drives our annual Innovation Day, where we identify our next first-to-market innovations to solve our customers’ problems.   At its core, Verisk uses data to minimize risk and maximize value. But far bigger, is why we do what we do. At Verisk you can build an exciting career with meaningful work; create positive and lasting impact on business; and find the support, coaching, and training you need to advance your career. We have received the Great Place to Work® Certification for the fifth consecutive year. We’ve been recognized by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer and a Best Employer for Women, testaments to our culture of engagement and the value we place on an inclusive and diverse workforce.  Verisk’s Statement on Racial Equity and Diversity supports our commitment to these values and affecting positive and lasting change in the communities where we live and work.  Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.http://www.verisk.com/careers.htmlUnsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. Consumer Privacy NoticeAt Verisk, the health and safety of our people is our number one priority.  Effective November 15, 2021, and subject to applicable law, all prospective hires for office based roles or roles that support any of our businesses’ government contracts will be required to demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date, or qualify for a legally-required medical or religious accommodation to this vaccination requirement, as a condition of employment. Hired candidates who do not demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date, and who have not been approved for a legally-required medical or religious accommodation will no longer meet the requirements for employment and their offers of employment will be immediately rescinded, in accordance with applicable law. 

