
Company DescriptionVisa is a world leader in digital payments, facilitating more than 215 billion payments transactions between consumers, merchants, financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses and economies to thrive.When you join Visa, you join a culture of purpose and belonging – where your growth is priority, your identity is embraced, and the work you do matters. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere, uplift everyone everywhere. Your work will have a direct impact on billions of people around the world – helping unlock financial access to enable the future of money movement.Join Visa: A Network Working for Everyone.Job DescriptionWe are working on multiple technology stacks and want to add a highly motivated Engineer to our Commercial Payments organization in Bangalore, India. Visa's Commercial Payments organization is responsible for managing Visa's B2B Payment Global adoption on Cross-Border funds movement, innovation agenda and the management of strategic partnerships with critical financial institutions. This group is responsible for defining and building the Non-Card based payment innovation and product for Visa Inc. Globally. This includes:Distributed-Ledger based Cross border payment platformNear time Settlement Enterprise ID stamping to create a digital identity for corporate entitiesHyperledger chain-code developmentEnd-to-End Payment eco-system Analytics and Data visualizationYou can learn more about our work here:Visa B2B Connect Launches in 32 CountriesVisa B2B Connect Launches GloballyEssential Functions:Work on emerging technologies, building distributed applicationsCollaborate with project team members (Product Managers, Architects, Analysts, Software Engineers, Project Managers, etc.) to ensure development and implementation of new data driven business solutions.Drive development effort End-to-End for on-time delivery of high quality solutions that conform to requirements, conform to the architectural vision, and comply with all applicable standards. Collaborate with senior technical staff and PM to identify, document, plan contingency, track and manage risks and issues until all are resolvedPresent technical solutions, capabilities, considerations, and features in business terms. Effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner.Partner with Product on implementation strategy.This is a remote position. A remote position does not require job duties be performed within proximity of a Visa office location. Remote positions may be required to be present at a Visa office with scheduled notice.QualificationsBasic Qualifications:5 or more years of relevant work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhDPreferred Qualifications:6 or more years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or 4 or more years of relevant experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or up to 3 years of relevant experience with a PhD• 10+ years of experience in Compliance and AML domain• Strong knowledge and work experience with Actimize AIS objects• Deep proven experience on AIS (Analytics Intelligence Server), Actone/RCM (Risk Case Manager), AIS Modeler, RCM Designer• Have implemented one or more solution for Anti Money Laundering and Fraud solutions like CDD, IFM and SAM.• Developing the solution architecture, implementation, installation, configuration, and testing of the product for Risk and Compliance  Solutions for financial institution.• Ability to interface with all levels of users in customer organization.• Hands-on experience with all aspects of software development: data, server-side, UI, and open-source software.• Experience in at least one of the following: Java / Go / Scala / PythonAdditional InformationVisa is an EEO Employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.  Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

