
Your work makes the difference between a user seeing a bus drive away or reaching it just in time. We feel a great sense of responsibility at Citymapper. Millions of users around the world trust our green app to be on time for work, a job interview or a date.You will build the timetable data that powers the Citymapper app. You use secret magic (and our internal tools) to transform often messy transit schedules into shiny and reliable user information. You build, validate and ship data to production on a daily basis. You manage data in a range of cities and across different formats. You work with our engineers to improve tools and automate tedious tasks. You ensure users continue to trust Citymapper.The position is open to applications from all levels of experience - including recent graduates. You bring a passion for public transport - we teach you the specific technical skills needed.This role is designed for contractors based anywhere, globally.We are a diverse team of transport enthusiasts, who are not afraid to get our hands dirty with transit data. Join us for the ride!RequirementsTrue passion for public transport and cities, good understanding of how public transport networks operate Technical mindset, comfortable dealing with data, willingness to learn new data skills Hands-on, practical, pragmatic attitude Exceptional attention to detail Some familiarity with common transit data formats is a plus (GTFS, TransXChange, Siri, Hafas etc) BenefitsContractor position in a remote-first team Working on something interesting and meaningful - help to make cities usable Working with a not-too-big, diverse engineering team Arcane public transport knowledge with which to dazzle your friends We believe that diverse teams are the best teams and we're proud to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome and will consider all applications regardless of age, disability, gender re-assignment, marriage, pregnancy, maternity, race or nationality, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation (and any other status protected by applicable law)

