
Help empower our global customers to connect to culture through their passions.Why you'll love this role
StockX is seeking a motivated, dedicated, and focused Fraud Intelligence Data Analyst to help facilitate a growing culture of safety, trust and security for the global StockX marketplace.  The Data Analyst will be responsible for investigating, organizing and analyzing data from various sources to transform data into meaningful insights that influence decision making. The Data Analyst will use a range of tools and methodologies to generate results which highlight insights and expose opportunities for improvement. Individuals must have high-level communication skills and an understanding for how their analyses will impact the business. 
What you'll do
Drive analytical decision making on a wide range of initiatives including account security, marketplace anomalies, fraudulent activity, and chargebacks
Analyze data with standard statistical methods, interpret results and summarize results
Effectively communicate results to teammates and business partners
Collaborate with key cross functional teams, leaders and stakeholders to create holistic analytical solutions. 
Create, enhance and maintain data dashboards  
Conduct forensics analysis over large historical datasets to determine fraud root causes and impact
Provide relevant analysis to help senior leaders make data driven decisions
Stay up to date on all current and changing initiatives in the chargeback/fraud industry.
Work closely with management to share findings and assist in identifying current fraud trends & root causes, identify fraud risk gaps, and collaborate with senior analysts on recommendations.
Maintain clean and detailed record keeping of fraud health and trends at StockX
About you
Experience providing solutions and exposing possible areas of opportunity
Completed end-to-end data analysis projects
1-3 years of applied experience in performing data analysis
Required experience using SQL(MySQL, DataBricks, RedShift, DataDog) to create data sets
Basic statistical knowledge and usage to drive business decisions
Demonstrated experience with data visualization (Tableau, PowerBI etc.)
Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively interact and build trusted relationships across different departments and all levels of management.
Must be results oriented with the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to effectively resolve complex situations and issues.
Detail-oriented with strong organizational skills with the ability to manage or lead multiple projects effectively
Preferred Bachelor’s Degree in relevant STEM field (Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, Finance) or equivalent experience
Nice to have skills
2+ years of experience in risk, cybersecurity, fraud detection, or anti-money laundering
Experience in ecommerce or retail industries.   
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
Pursuant to the various pay transparency laws/acts, the base salary range is $55,000 to $70,000 plus opportunities for benefits (e.g., medical, dental), equity and discretionary bonuses. Compensation is dependent on geography and may vary.About Us
StockX is the premier current culture platform for buying and selling authentic, new, sought-after products. Our powerful marketplace connects buyers and sellers for sneakers, apparel, accessories, electronics, collectibles and trading cards around the world. We provide millions of global customers with unprecedented access and market visibility powered by real-time data, allowing them to transact based on true market value. Launched in 2016 in Detroit, Michigan, StockX now employs more than 1,500 people in offices and authentication centers in 11 countries.
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time.

