
Job DescriptionSenior Engineer 
Pune REQ ID: REF22340DAbout the Job:Our NielsenIQ Technology teams are working on our new “Connect” platform, a unified, global, open data ecosystem powered by Microsoft Azure. Our clients around the world rely on NielsenIQ’s data and insights to innovate and grow.Rationale: Senior Software Engineer Our NielsenIQ Technology teams are working on our new Connected platform, a unified, global, open data ecosystem powered by Microsoft Azure. Our clients around the world rely on NielsenIQ data and insights to innovate and grow. The Sr software engineer will excel in applying advanced technical principles and methodologies in a particular domain of expertise. The associate should be able to solve complex problems with leading edge solutions and should be able to quickly learn and grasp new innovations in technology, as well as able to contribute to architectural concepts and design. Currently, our platform is based in Python, SQL, Flask, Apache, Jenkins, Postgres, and Spark, and we continue to adopt the best of breed in cloud-native, low-latency technologies. We value CI/CD in everything that we develop. Our team is co-located and agile, with central technology hubs in Chicago, Madrid and Chennai.RESPONSIBILITIES: Write complex, maintainable code to develop scalable, flexible, and user-friendly applications, using backend Python, SQL, and shell scripts.Identify and develop reusable UI components that serve the needs of multiple applications.Design and develop highly available, low latency, cloud-native applications.Leverage multiple first- and third-party data sources and develop highly efficient data accessRESTful APIs against data stored in Relational and NoSQL databases.  QualificationsStrong fundamentals in Object Oriented Programming, Mutli-Threaded Programming, and Parallel Processing.Strong experience writing complex Python programs utilizing various packages (pandas highly preferred) Experience writing complex SQL joins, and Unix shell scripting.Experience working with relational and NoSQL databases.Experience with Spark or related technologyExperience with Bitbucket, Git, or equivalent source control toolExperience working with CI/CD technology such as Jenkins and ArtifactorySound SDLC skills, preferably with experience in an agile environmentFamiliarity integrating Restful APIs and an understanding of microservices architecture.Familiarity with data science concepts such as classification or regressionExcellent English communication skills, with the ability to effectively interface across cross-functional technology teams and with business leaders.5 or more years of applicable software engineering experience with a MS degree7 or more years of applicable software engineering experience with a BS degreeMinimum B.S. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fieldAdditional InformationAbout NIQNIQ, the world’s leading consumer intelligence company, reveals new pathways to growth for retailers and consumer goods manufacturers. With operations in more than 100 countries, NIQ delivers the most complete and clear understanding of consumer buying behavior through an advanced business intelligence platform with integrated predictive analytics. NIQ delivers the Full View. NIQ was founded in 1923 and is an Advent International portfolio company. For more information, visit NIQ.com  Want to keep up with our latest updates? Follow us on: LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter | Facebook
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and InclusionNIQ is committed to reflecting the diversity of the clients, communities, and markets we measure within our own workforce. We exist to count everyone and are on a mission to systematically embed inclusion and diversity into all aspects of our workforce, measurement, and products. We enthusiastically invite candidates who share that mission to join us.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. Our global non-discrimination policy covers these protected classes in every market in which we do business worldwide.Learn more about how we are driving diversity and inclusion in everything we do by visiting the NielsenIQ News Center: https://nielseniq.com/global/en/news-center/diversity-inclusion/NIQ or any of our subsidiaries will never ask you for money at any point of the recruitment or onboarding process.

