
Company DescriptionNBCUniversal owns and operates over 20 different businesses across 30 countries including a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, world-renowned theme parks and a premium ad-supported streaming service. Here you can be your authentic self. As a company uniquely positioned to educate, entertain and empower through our platforms, Comcast NBCUniversal stands for including everyone. We strive to foster a diverse and inclusive culture where our employees feel supported, embraced and heard. We believe that our workforce should represent the communities we live in, so that together, we can continue to create and deliver content that reflects the current and ever-changing face of the world. Click here to learn more about Comcast NBCUniversal’s commitment and how we are making an impact.Job DescriptionWelcome to Peacock, the dynamic new streaming service from NBCUniversal. Here you’ll find more than a job. You’ll find a fast-paced, high-performance team of incredible colleagues that want to be at the epicenter of technology, sports, news, tv, movies and more. We work hard to connect people to what they love, each other and the world around them by creating shared experiences through culture-defining entertainment. As a company, we embrace the power of difference. Our team is committed to creating an organization that champions diversity and inclusivity for all by curating content and a workforce that represents the world around us.  We continue to challenge ourselves and the industry by being customer-centric, data-driven creatures of innovation. At Peacock, we are determined to forge the next frontier of streaming through creativity, teamwork, and talent. The Coordinator, Decision Sciences Peacock is a full-time position in NBCUniversal's Peacock team and will provide administrative support to the Decision Sciences leadership team. The ideal candidate for this position has exemplary planning and time management skills and can organize and manage calendars, keeping scheduling operations running smoothly and efficiently. This individual will also be instrumental in helping to develop and manage team building and engagement activities. This position has visibility to the NBCU Executive Leadership team. Excellent written & verbal communication skills are required.Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Arranges and schedules numerous meetings for 2 senior leaders; maintains and updates calendar; determines importance of meeting requests and schedules; accordingly, demonstrates flexibility, patience and persistence in routinely rescheduling meetingsChampions a vibrant team culture through conception and administration of team-building activities and more effective ways of workingPartners with analytics team to help data visualization and storytelling through PowerPoint slide creation and editsCoordinates on-boarding and off-boarding employees and consultants, including hardware installation request/repair, space planning, etc.Manages general office and administrative tasks, including ordering of miscellaneous supplies, renewing memberships and subscriptions, managing distribution lists, photocopying, faxing, deliveries, etc.Responsible for excellence in complex meeting/event preparation (AV, room scheduling, telepresence events, etc.), set-up, and follow-up including preparing presentations/agendas/materials, documenting notes, and coordinating follow-up items to completion, arranging for food/drinkPerforms other duties as assigned and assists with special projects as needed.Salary Range: $55,000 - $67,000QualificationsPrevious experience maintaining multiple calendars, work and travel schedules using Microsoft OutlookStrong interpersonal skills, including a professional phone manner and in-person presenceProficient with Microsoft Office programs including Outlook, Word, and Excel with advanced knowledge of PowerPointAbility to work and maintain confidential informationExperience taking detailed notes and extracting action itemsDesired Characteristics: Self-starter, who is organized with strong decision-making capability, ability to follow through without supervision and strong emotional maturityAdaptable to various competing demands, and demonstrates the highest level of customer service and responseSuperior organizational and administrative skills with ability to multi-task and prioritize workPositive attitude and desire to help othersForward looking thinker, who actively seeks opportunities and proposes solutionsMust have professional polish and ability to interface with high level executivesHighly resourceful team-player, with the ability to also be extremely effective independentlyAdditional InformationNBCUniversal's policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access nbcunicareers.com as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations in the US by calling 1-818-777-4107 and in the UK by calling +44 2036185726.

