
Successful applicants for this position must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Vaccine verification will be required. 
POSITION SUMMARY:Clinical Data Operator accessions patient samples according to standard operating procedures (SOP) with high efficiency and accuracy. Shift is: Tuesday - Saturday, either Day Shift 830am-5pm or Swing Shift 530pm-2am.  Hourly pay starts at $18, with an added swing and Saturday shift differential.    
 
Natera requires successful applicants for this position must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Vaccine verification will be required. 
 
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create new orders on Laboratory Inventory Management System (LIMS) and perform necessary checks to ensure proper accessioning.
Accession samples with high accuracy and efficiency.
Accurately enter patient data into the Laboratory Inventory Management System (LIMS).
Ensure that the information in LIMS is up-to-date.
Scan test requisition forms and attached paperwork.  Ensure that all paperwork belong to patient and upload to case.
Protect patient health information (PHI) at all times to ensure compliance with HIPAA and privacy policies.
Perform safe and proper handling of samples (blood, buccal, and tissue).
Maintain tidiness of workstations and lab.
Maintain familiarity with standard operating procedures (SOP) and quality standards determined by the clinical laboratory.
Perform safe and proper handling of tools provided to open packages and kit boxes.
Sort packages at the dock upon arrival of packages and bring packages up to the lab.
This role works with PHI on a regular basis both in paper and electronic form and have an access to various technologies to access PHI (paper and electronic) in order to perform the job.
Employee must complete training relating to HIPAA/PHI privacy, General Policies and Procedure Compliance training and security training as soon as possible but not later than the first 30 days of hire.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
High School Diploma (or equivalent) required.
0 - 1 year of industry related experience.
Previous computer experience is required.
Previous data entry experience is preferred
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Trained on all product types and able to accession with accuracy and efficiency.
Typing speed of at least 45wpm with high accuracy.
Good oral and written communication skills.
Effective critical thinking skills and the ability to use good judgment.
Ability to perform required duties with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail.
Positive attitude and ability to work well with others.
 
#LI-LS1
OUR OPPORTUNITY
Natera™ is a global leader in cell-free DNA (cfDNA) testing, dedicated to oncology, women’s health, and organ health. Our aim is to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and enable earlier and more targeted interventions that lead to longer, healthier lives.
The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.
WHAT WE OFFER
Competitive Benefits - Employee benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability plans for eligible employees and their dependents. Additionally, Natera employees and their immediate families receive free testing in addition to fertility care benefits. Other benefits include pregnancy and baby bonding leave, 401k benefits, commuter benefits and much more. We also offer a generous employee referral program!
For more information, visit www.natera.com.
Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents. 
Link: https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents/
Please be advised that Natera will reach out to candidates with a @natera.com email domain ONLY. Email communications from all other domain names are not from Natera or its employees and are fraudulent. Natera does not request interviews via text messages and does not ask for personal information until a candidate has engaged with the company and has spoken to a recruiter and the hiring team. Natera takes cyber crimes seriously, and will collaborate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute any related cyber crimes.
For more information:- BBB announcement on job scams - FBI Cyber Crime resource page 

