
Dave (Nasdaq: DAVE) is on a mission to build products that level the financial playing field. Our banking app helps millions of members bank, budget, find work, build credit, and access up to $500 advances without paying a fee.  With a growing suite of tools and services, we provide a superior banking experience for anyone living paycheck to paycheck. We’re looking for high performers to be part of our journey to bring access to financial opportunity for everyone.We are looking for a Lead Data Scientist to build and lead credit risk management for our newest consumer credit product at Dave under the Data Science org. Unlike other providers of short term credit, Dave relies on our member's cash flow and income data so it is important that this leader has prior experience and is excited to work with alternative data sources to drive differentiation in our products, growth for our business, and value for our members with a risk appetite.Furthermore our ideal candidate has a track record of launching new products as well as operating and scaling existing credit strategies during all points of a credit cycle. As a Lead Data Scientist, it is critical to partner with product, marketing, legal, finance, engineering and other cross functional teams to manage the business. Over time this role may grow into people management so having a desire to lead and mentor a team is important.
What You'll Do
Play a foundational role in launching Dave's next credit product with seasoned knowledge of credit life-cycle business Lead and design credit risk strategies including pricing strategy, line assignment and etc., especially with intense experiences on leveraging ML/AI solutionsLead feature discovery and continuous model/strategy optimization along with the rest of the data science org Identify and evaluate new data sources to help model and strategy optimizationDevelop tools to monitor and forecast performance to effectively manage the businessPartner with product managers, engineers and other cross functional partners to develop and deploy the solutions into production with best practices and high qualityHelp guide and contribute the build out of the other credit risk function at DaveWhat You'll Need
Minimum 6+ years of experience in credit risk management and predictive analyticsMaster degree in Computer Science, Mathematics/Statistics and other STEM majors is required; PhD is a plusDeep domain knowledge in unsecured consumer lending or credit cardsProficiency with SQL, Python; Cloud computing is a plusDetailed, results oriented operator Curious and creative problem-solverClear communication style to guide working teams and report out credit performance to executive stakeholdersTechnologies we use and teach
PythonSQLTensorFlowPyTorchSparkGCPVertex AIDon’t let imposter syndrome get in your way of an incredible opportunity. We’re looking for people who can help us achieve our mission and vision, not just check off the boxes. If you’re excited about this role, we encourage you to apply. You may just be the right candidate for this or other roles.Why you’ll love working here: At Dave, our people are just as important as our product. Our culture is a reflection of our values that guide who we are, how we work, and what we aspire to be. Daves are member centric, helpful, transparent, persistent, and better together. We strive to create an environment where all Daves feel valued, heard, and empowered to do their best work. As a virtual first company, team members can live and work anywhere in the United States, with the exception of Hawaii. A few of our benefits & perks:• Opportunity to tackle tough challenges, learn and grow from fellow top talent, and help millions of people reach their personal financial goals• Flexible hours and virtual first work culture with a home office stipend• Premium Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance plans• Generous paid parental and caregiver leave• 401(k) savings plan with matching contributions• Financial advisor and financial wellness support• Flexible PTO and generous company holidays, including Juneteenth and Winter Break• All-company in-person events once or twice a year and virtual events throughout to connect with your team members and leadership teamDave, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and is dedicated to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants and do not discriminate on any basis protected by federal, state, or local law, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance relating to an applicant's criminal history.#LI-REMOTE #BI-Remote

