
Get to know usDo you want to help us shape what the future of work will look like and how it will best embrace our life's aspirations? If this sounds like a journey you want to embark on, we may have the right role for you!PayFit is an intuitive cloud-based payroll and employee management solution designed specifically for SMBs. Since 2015, we have set ourselves a mission to simplify payroll for SMBs and enable employers and employees to grow together. We are a European company operating from 3 main countries (France, Spain, and the UK) where we are supporting over 9500 clients. Creating a fulfilling work environment and culture is also a core mission at PayFit, and our day-to-day work philosophy is reflected in our four values:Care We genuinely care for others whoever they are, whatever they think.Excellence We aim to improve and achieve better results every day.Humility Staying humble and exchanging transparent feedback helps us to grow and improve.Passion We are the architects of PayFit's success.A key part of our culture, and essential for our success, is also improving the diversity of our teams and building an inclusive culture where you can be yourself at work. This is why our recruitment focuses on the skills you demonstrate, and not only on your academic background or previous professional experiences. At PayFit we understand that you can gain applicable skills through a variety of life experiences and we are interested in knowing them, too.About the role At the Data Tribe at PayFit, we are currently rebuilding our cloud-based data platform and our analytics stack to unlock the full potential of our data, bringing the platform to the next level to empower self-service analytics at a high pace on a strong foundational base. To support that mission, we are looking for a Senior Product Analyst deeply passionate about product performance and customer-centric analytics. Reporting directly to Justyna, Lead Data Analytics, you will : · Be the analytical expert in the context of agile product development; enable and support hypothesis-driven product development· Work closely with Product Managers, Software Engineers, and designers· Work closely with Data Engineers and Analytics Engineers· Support the definition and reporting on product-specific KPIs and metrics · Help your stakeholders to understand product and feature performance in the context of transversal business goals · Create compelling dashboards on Looker that enable a high level of self-service analytics· Teach your users and stakeholders in interpreting dashboards and reports as well as in customizing dashboards for their specific needs· Contribute to the development of our new tracking strategy and support product teams with the implementation of tracking plans· Drive data awareness and data literacy within our Product & Engineering domainsThis role is for you if :· You are passionate about customer-centric analytics and increasing user and business value from an analytics perspective· You have a strong hands-on background in an analytical role, preferred in a product context and with a SaaS product· You are a SQL expert and have experience with at least one relevant programming language (Python preferred)· You have a track record of building compelling data visualizations for self-service analytics· You have experience with front-end tracking· You have experience with product experimentation and A/B testing· You are able to translate complex data problems into business implications and communicate your findings to non-experts· You love to communicate with a wide range of stakeholders, like product managers, software engineers, and data engineers · You can navigate ambiguity and can work autonomously while you are still a strong team player · You are familiar with agile and lean software development methodologiesIt would be great if also :· You are a real team player who wants to build a big success story with us· You speak English fluently and you want to work in an international and dynamic environment· You have strong interpersonal and communication skills· You want to learn, improve and gain responsibilityIf you think you would be a good fit even if you don't meet 100% of the requirements, we would love to hear from you! Your future team: Together with your team members (3 Data Analysts), you will enable Product Managers and Engineering Teams in generating, validating and refining product ideas and features based on customer-centric success metrics, data visualizations, tests, and deep dive explorations. Your future manager, Justyna is a data professional who has been leading the Payfit Product Analytics team for the past year and a half, and will ensure your smooth onboarding and further evolution in your role!Hiring Process1. First you will meet a Talent Acquisition Specialist for a discovery call (30-45 min)2. Next step will be a meeting with Justyna, the Lead Data Analyst with whom you will touch more technical topics of your experience (60 min)3. You will go through a technical challenge (60 min)4. The last step would be having a discussion with a key stakeholder (30 min)What we offer Flexibility: We believe that to produce your best work and to be fulfilled, you should be free to choose what working arrangements suit you best. You can work from any place within your country (France, Spain or the UK).Learning & Development: In PayFit we have a great learning platform where you can learn new skills everyday with the support of our company. We also have English language courses to improve your business communication vocabulary and get to the next level.Career Development: We want you to progress and be free to choose which direction you want to grow. There are also opportunities for internal moves. Health promotion: Gym membership conditions depending on country and 4 paid sessions with a mental health practitioner and online support with Moka Care. Health insurance: with conditions depending on the country.Meals: Restaurant tickets.Home office budget: To help you get set up in the best conditions. A MacBook as our standard working tool.Disability Inclusion: All of our positions are open to any person living with a disability. To guarantee equal treatment and opportunities, we will take, based on individual needs, appropriate measures to adapt the work conditions of PayFiters with disabilities, and if needed also during the recruitment process. Please let us know what you need and we will do our best to accommodate!

