
About This RoleStrava is the leading social platform for athletes and the largest sports community in the world, with US offices located in San Francisco and Denver and over 100 million athletes in 195 countries. If you sweat, you’re an athlete, and Strava’s mobile apps and website connect millions of active people every day.We are looking for an expert analyst in a full-time role to be a strategic partner to our Growth Marketing team. You will collaborate with marketers, product managers, engineers, and researchers to accelerate learning, make data-informed decisions, and define data-inspired solutions to fuel the growth of Strava’s platform. This role reports to an analytics manager and partners tightly with cross-functional stakeholders throughout the company.For more information on compensation and benefits, please click here.You’re excited about this opportunity because you will:Drive strategic analytics initiatives to improve the efficiency and impact of our paid acquisition workstreams.Develop and evolve foundational growth and acquisition data frameworks, such as attribution modeling, customer lifetime value, and segmentation, to identify growth and retention marketing opportunities.Partner with product and marketing teams to design and interpret A/B tests to drive explainable subscription and user retention outcomes.Collaborate with the rest of the data organization at Strava (Machine Learning, Data Platform, etc) to collectively improve our technological craftsmanship.You will be successful here by:Applying your quantitative skillset and background in paid media to be a hands-on collaborator with our Growth Marketing team.Thinking about scalability, building reusable data sets, and designing self-service tools to empower your collaborators to learn along with you.Not being afraid to ask questions, learn, share, and iterate on ways of working, your business area, and analytics capabilities.We’re excited about you because:You have 4+ years of full-time experience in analytics, data science, or other quantitative domains.You are highly proficient with SQL and have experience with Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau)You have an understanding of data pipeline concepts (e.g. ETL, scripting common analysis workflows) You understand key metrics such as CPA, ROAS, LTV, and payback periods and understand how different metrics affect one another.You have experience with using experimentation and other statistical methods to estimate the incremental impact of marketing campaigns (e.g. time-series modeling, econometric methods) You have hands-on experience working with statistical programming languages (e.g. R, Python) About StravaStrava is Swedish for “strive,” which epitomizes who we are and what we do. We’re a passionate and committed team, unified by our mission to connect athletes to what motivates them and help them find their personal best. With billions of activity uploads from all over the world, we have a humbling and adventurous vision: to be the record of the world’s athletic activities and the technology that makes every effort count.Strava builds software that makes the best part of our athletes’ days even better. Just as we’re deeply committed to unlocking their potential, we’re dedicated to providing a world-class, inclusive workplace where our employees can grow and thrive, too. We’re backed by Sequoia Capital, Madrone Partners, and Jackson Square Ventures, and we’re expanding in order to exceed the needs of our growing community of global athletes. Our culture reflects our community. We are continuously striving to hire and engage diverse teammates from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives because we know we are a stronger team together.In light of the global pandemic, Strava is currently working in a fully remote capacity. As always, we remain committed to fully supporting our employees, especially their mental health and well-being, through these challenging times. Despite challenges in the world around us, we are continuing to grow camaraderie and positivity within our culture, and we are unified in our commitment to becoming an antiracist company. We are differentiated by our truly people-first approach, our compassionate leadership, and our belief that we can bring joy and inspiration to athletes’ lives — now more than ever. All to say, it’s a great time to join Strava!Strava is an equal-opportunity employer. In keeping with the values of Strava, we make all employment decisions, including hiring, evaluation, termination, and promotional and training opportunities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical handicap, mental disability, medical condition, disability, gender or identity or expression, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, marital status, height and/or weight.We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.California Consumer Protection Act Applicant Notice

