
Company DescriptionWe Dream. We Do. We Deliver.As a full-service, data-driven customer experience transformation agency, we partner with Top 500 companies in the DACH region and in Eastern Europe. Originally from Switzerland, Merkle DACH was created out of a merger of Namics and Isobar - two leading full-service digital agencies.Our 1200+ digital enthusiasts are innovating the way brands are built, through providing expertise in Digital Transformation strategy, MarTech platforms, Creativity, UX, CRM, Data, Commerce, Mobile, Social Media, Intranet and CMS. We are part of the global Merkle brand, the largest brand within the dentsu group, who shares with us a network of over 66,000 passionate individuals in 146 countries.Job DescriptionThe purpose of this role is to support business requirements’ analysis, develop insights from various data assets,develop statistical models. You will work in a young, dynamic environment, with transversal skills and strongly based on teamwork, mutual collaboration and autonomy.  Key responsibilities:  Cleaning and processing data; Discover relevant data sources; Identify trends in data; Build algorithms and predictive models; Create visualizations to make presentations. Qualifications Degree in Data Science or equivalent (such as Statistics, Math); Knowledge of R, familiarity with Pyton is a plus.  The knowledge of the following will be considered as a plus:  visual analytics tools (Tableau, Power BI); Marketing Mix Modelling; media and attribution modelling; cloud database (Big Query); Able to work in team and to handle tight deadlines; Problem solving and Strategic thinking.  Additional InformationWe work with highly motivated people, who support and enrich each other. We live the possibilities of the digital world through home office, meaning you can work anywhere with flexible (annual) working hours. We also value face-to-face exchanges - coffee or tea, biscuits or fruit are all welcomed on board and shared throughout our offices.If you ever feel the need to take a break from the digital world, we love to get hands on together and use pens, paper, and whiteboards for brainstorming sessions. Need to clear your head? Hit the foosball table, PlayStation, massage bench or yoga mat. For networking and (brain) food, we offer regular exchange formats, like meetings, tech labs and more. Not enough? We are full believers in education and support training, whether it be internally or externally. We support you.If you feel inspired by us, we’ll probably be inspired by you. Join us now and apply online to make sure we match each other’s expectations. We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment. We welcome all qualified candidates - regardless of your gender or background, please indicate your salary expectations and possible entry date. We look forward to hearing from you!.

