
Motorway is the UK’s fastest-growing used car marketplace — our online-only platform connects private car sellers with thousands of verified dealers nationwide, ensuring everyone gets the best deal.Founded in 2017, our award-winning, technology-led approach has redefined the experience of selling a car, generating thousands of monthly car sales and helping us to grow to a team of over 400 across 3 locations.Motorway is now valued at over $1 billion and is backed by some of the world’s leading technology investors, having raised £143 million in Series C funding.This is a unique opportunity to join a fast-growing scale-up at a crucial phase of growth and help change an industry for the better.About the roleWe're helping thousands of people to better understand how the value of their car changes over time and on top of that keep our name in their minds when they’re ready to sell. And you'd be a key part to achieve this!Our pricing algorithm is leading the way in providing transparency to the used car marketplace by fuelling our other products (for example: our Car Value Tracker ensures vehicle owners can track the value of their vehicle for free!).We're looking for a Pricing Data Scientist to apply their expertise in regression-based data science and machine learning to enhance our proprietary vehicle pricing algorithm. You'll be central to our core product offering, helping to facilitate the accurate valuation of thousands of vehicles every day!What you'll do:Using state-of-the-art regression models, you’ll work on hypothesising, researching and implementing improvements to our pricing algorithm, and validating future solutions via A/B testing frameworks to thousands of daily customers. You’ll also work on designing and refining our model monitoring infrastructure in the GCP and Vertex AI ecosystem, which is an essential part of discovering potential improvements in our model and pricing explainability to sellers. RequirementsWe encourage you to apply, even if you might not meet all the requirements.A self-starter mindset and a proactive and determined approach to problem-solving You have a strong proficiency with data science in Python (sklearn, statsmodels, pandas, numpy). Strong grasp of SQL. Experience in conducting A/B experiments. Ideally, experience working with GCP Vertex AI, AWS SageMaker or similar AI lifecycle frameworks. Proven experience with regression-based predictive machine learning models (linear regression, RFs, xgboost, NNs). You have experience or a keen interest in continuous improvement for machine learning, including monitoring and retraining cycles. You are interested in emerging technologies and actively seek to apply them. You are a natural collaborator and team player. BenefitsAnnual learning budget - you can choose how you like to learn and find the best learning experiences to support your progression. BUPA health insurance Discounted dental through BUPA Discounted gym membership through BUPA On-Hand volunteering membership + volunteering day Flexible working from home (approximately 1-2 days in the office a week) Pension scheme Motorway car leasing scheme - lease a zero-emissions electric vehicle at a significant discount Enhanced maternity/paternity leave Top spec M1 MacBook Pro and accessories Regular social events Cycle to work scheme Equal opportunities statementMotorway is committed to equality of opportunity for all employees. We work to provide a supportive and inclusive environment where people can maximise their full potential. We believe our workforce should reflect a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives and experiences. Our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion is evident through our constant focus on recruiting, developing and advancing individuals based on their skills and talents.We welcome applications from all individuals regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships.#LI-Hybrid

