
Data Strategy and Transformation Consultant 
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where you’re encouraged to #BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. It’s important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table – so we’d love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We bring:
Expertise in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offerings, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
A commitment to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
A focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
The Opportunity


Capco’s global Data Practice team of 800+ data practitioners enables financial institutions to become data-driven by helping transform their understanding, management, storage, and use of data to derive value for themselves and their customers.
 


Our team collaborates with clients to formulate focused, actionable, and effective data strategies that deliver business outcomes in a sustainable fashion. We translate strategy into action – designing, implementing and mobilising innovative data capabilities with a focus on efficiency and scalability, and partnering with leading vendors and industry bodies.


Drawing on our deep domain and business expertise, we architect and engineer modern data platforms and curated data products, with a focus on automation and data management by design. We partner with business, operations, and technology teams to embed and sustain these capabilities in business-as-usual and we are directing the design and implementation of next generation data platforms across the industry.


 


Our clients and peers voted us as the A-Team Best Consultancy in Data Management in 2021, and value our ability to identify and develop top data talent.Your Role


You’ll be joining Capco’s Data Strategy & Advisory team as a Data Strategy and Transformation Consultant. You will use your deep data expertise to formulate focused, actionable and effective data strategies to sustainably deliver business outcomes for our clients.


Our projects vary in their nature, and your responsibilities will differ based on client requirements, but could include:


Supporting the definition of the client’s data strategy, including its vision, objectives, and key results (OKRs)


Providing a clear and impartial assessment of client data capability levels through capability assessment / maturity models


Facilitating interviews and workshops to identify client pain points and their root causes, and linking these to data capabilities (e.g. Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Architecture)


Collating inputs to develop the data strategy business case, and developing strategic roadmaps


Reviewing existing client data processes, tooling, and governance, and providing recommendations to improve their effectiveness


Supporting the definition of the client’s data Target Operating Model (TOM), including design of processes, roles & responsibilities, and governance to sustain the data strategy in BAU


Supporting the definition of data policies, standards and guidelines


Assisting with data architecture reviews by advising on data management solutions



You will also play a role in developing the Data Strategy & Advisory capability within Capco, which may include:


Identifying and researching business development opportunities on new or existing clients and aiding the development of client proposals and bids


Contributing to internal / external-facing discussion in your field


Developing data methodologies and accelerators to enhance Capco’s delivery capability


Supporting training of Capco resources in data methodologies

Your Skills and Experience


Most importantly, you’ll have a passion for data. You will bring your aptitude for problem solving and change to enable clients to achieve their business outcomes.


To qualify for the role, you will have most of the following:


A minimum of 3 years’ experience in Data Strategy and / or Data Management


A strong understanding of Data Strategy, Data Management, and Data Analytics principles, and one or more of several common Data Management methodologies and capability models (e.g. DAMA DMBOK, DCAM, CDMC) and toolsets


Experience in facilitating maturity assessments, eliciting & understanding client strategic objectives, pain points, and requirements, and providing actionable recommendations


Experience supporting the definition of data strategies, business cases and roadmaps


Experience in documenting current-state processes, roles & responsibilities and governance structures, and designing their target-state


Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills


Excellent stakeholder management skills, with strong experience and comfort working autonomously and in team environments


Strong experience in simplifying complex concepts, with excellent verbal and written communication skills, including in Microsoft PowerPoint, Word and Excel


Experience working in demanding project environments, with a high level of commitment and drive, including whilst under pressure and in ambiguous circumstances



Ideally, you will also bring:


Consulting experience at a top-tier consultancy, or a similar internal change / transformation role within a leading Financial Services organisation


A background in Financial Services (e.g. banking, insurance, investment management)


Hands-on experience in data management tooling (e.g. Collibra, Solidatus, Talend, Ataccama) and data analytics implementation (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, QlikView or Sense)


A strong understanding of the difficulties, opportunities and regulations (e.g. ESG, LIBOR, BCBS-239, CCAR, GDPR, Consumer Duty) facing the Financial Services industry


Up-to-date knowledge of industry best-practices within data management and analytics


Formal certification in data management methodologies or capability models


Experience managing small projects and teams

Why Join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:
A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity / adoption / shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

