
The companyOutrider is a software company that is automating distribution yards with electric, self-driving trucks. Our system eliminates manual tasks that are hazardous and repetitive while it improves safety and efficiency. Outrider’s mission is to drive the rapid adoption of sustainable freight transportation. We are a private company founded in 2018 and backed by NEA, 8VC, Koch Disruptive Technologies, and other top-tier investors. Our customers are Fortune 200 companies and our autonomous trucks are already running in distribution yards. For more information, visit www.outrider.aiThe roleThe Principal Data Engineer will be responsible for the design, implementation and continuous improvement of the data pipeline that brings product performance data to the Engineering, Test Engineering, and Business teams quickly and accurately. Data flows from trucks testing at Outrider's test site and customer sites. This position plays an essential role in helping deliver a safety-critical system for industrial automation. The opportunity offers a very talented, self-starting engineer the chance to help develop a market-defining enterprise product that combines autonomous vehicle technology with a software-as-a-service (SaaS) business model.The ideal candidate will embrace our goal to drive zero-emission, self-driving vehicle adoption, and help us realize our potential to define, build, and lead a new, category of robotic automation for the enterprise.
Duties and responsibilities
Design, implement, and improve all aspects of the data pipeline, from ingestion through analysis to visualization, to bring the right data to the right internal customers.Work cross-functionally with other teams at Outrider to ensure the data pipeline (including on the cloud) serves the various internal and external customers of Outrider data.Drive and advise the Engineering teams on how to approach data engineering and analytics, and be an advocate for data-driven decision making at all levels of Outrider by providing data tools that are clean and reliable.Work with the team to understand and prioritize development and sustainment projects and drive toward a product that meets all customer, business, and technical expectations.Collaborate and mentor other data engineering team members and participate in peer design and code reviews.Required qualifications
Demonstrated experience creating automated, reproducible data pipelines and working with complex, large data sets8+ years working in Data Engineering1 or more years experience working with and integrating AWS tools such as Lambda, Athena, API Gateway, Batch, Glue, and RDSExperience with Spark/PySpark and other big data toolsExperience creating cloud-based ETL workflowsExperience with infrastructure-as-code platformsProficient with at least one general-purpose programming language, such as Python or ScalaComfortable working with APIs to access data from a variety of sourcesExperience with the software development life cycle, modern software/hardware/system testing methods, and continuous integrationSelf-motivated and able to identify and fix issues before they become blockersExcellent written and verbal communication skillsStrong analytical, curious mindsetIdeal qualifications
Experience architecting server-less systemsExperience with DockerExperience with Apache ArrowExperience with robotics, autonomous trucks or other automated distribution yard productsExperience in ROS and ROS bag formatExperience with C++ and PythonCompensation & benefits
Salary range of $150,000 - 200,000.  For benefits, check this out!At Outrider, we believe in cultivating an environment where there is diversity of perspectives, experiences, and knowledge with the expectation that we thrive in an inclusive environment. Outrider is committed to a workforce where everyone's opportunities are limitless regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any others that are protected by law.To protect yourself against the increasing number of recruiting scams, please make sure that you are communicating with Outrider Technologies, Inc. or one of its employees.  The only way to communicate with us is through our corporate website at www.outrider.ai, through corporate emails utilizing our domain name of @outrider.ai, and through our job board at jobs.lever.co/outrider. Be vigilant when checking domains because imitators often make very small changes to trick the eye. Additionally, please know that Outrider does not use text messaging or public messaging platforms, such as Telegram or Whatsapp, to communicate with candidates and Outrider will never ask an employment candidate for financial information or for payment of any kind.

