
About the jobFollowing the success of Fintech products on Hopper App, Hopper has recently launched a new B2B initiative to help airlines grow a new revenue stream. The Hopper Cloud for Airlines team is now powering airlines' websites and apps with the Fintech products. The first airline partners recently launched are already a success. The Hopper Cloud for Airlines segment is one of the most promising revenue opportunities as 75% of flight bookings in the online travel industry are on the airlines. In this role you will be part of a cross-functional team (product manager, designer, and engineers) in the optimization of data-driven Fintech products that make travel planning easier and deliver them to millions of users.This role has a tremendous impact on the vision and success of the company. It's a unique opportunity to join one of the most innovative teams, get access to fascinating and massive data sets with market and behavioral data, a huge personal growth trajectory, and a high potential upside of pre-IPO stock options.We are looking for someone who has a real bias for action, takes ownership, thrives on autonomy and delivers results. A smart creative with a proven record of solving hard problems and deep understanding of data, product and business.
Minimum Qualifications: 
Coding abilities with languages like Python, SQL, etc.Strong problem-solving skills, and critical thinking competenciesStatistics Commercial Awareness (works backwards from making money to the business)Industry experience (e.g. Booking, Uber, Lyft, google, Facebook, Zillow etc)Has deployed ML algorithms into production using latest technologies (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes, etc)Has a proven track record of solving complex problems with in depth understanding of data, product and business impactHas experience with data visualization tools (Tableau, Amplitude, Big Query)More about HopperAt Hopper, we are on a mission to become the world’s best — and most fun — place to book travel. By leveraging massive amounts of data, advanced machine learning algorithms, Hopper combines its world-class travel agency offering with proprietary fintech products to help customers spend less and travel better. Ranked the third largest online travel agency in North America, the app has been downloaded nearly 80 million times and continues to gain market share globally.Here are just a few stats that demonstrate the company’s recent growth:- Hopper sold around $4 billion in travel and travel fintech in 2022, up nearly 3X over 2021. In 2022, Hopper increased its revenue 2.5X year-over year.- The company’s bespoke fintech products, such as Flight Disruption Guarantee and Price Freeze, now represent 30-40% of Hopper’s total app revenue. - Given the success of its fintech products, Hopper launched a B2B initiative called Hopper Cloud in late 2021. Through this partnership program, any travel provider (airlines, hotels, banks, travel agencies, etc.) can integrate and seamlessly distribute Hopper’s fintech or travel inventory. As its first Hopper Cloud partnership, - Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.- Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company four years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 80 million times and continues to have millions of new installs each month. - Hopper has raised over $700 million USD of private capital and is backed by some of the largest institutional investors and banks in the world. Hopper is primed to continue its acceleration as the world’s fastest-growing mobile-first travel marketplace. Come take off with us!

