
As an intern you will have the opportunity to explore our B.A.D.A.S.S. values firsthand while exploring your passion within a fast-paced tech company. This is your opportunity to provide solutions and input within a collaborative team that will value your point of view. Our internship program will allow you to take part in innovation within the real estate-tech space as we continue to expand our products and offerings to make real-estate investment as seamless as possible for our customers.  The Roofstock Internship Experience:·      12-week program immersed in a relevant field·      Practical, on-the-job training integrating classroom knowledge with application and skill development across   		meaningful projects·      Mentorship from top-tier leaders in the Real Estate and Tech space·      Competitive pay on hourly basis, including holiday pay·      Relevant technology provided by RoofstockInternship Requirements:·      Must have completed at least 3 years of undergraduate degree·      Must be based in the U.S. for duration of internship, preferably within proximity to a Roofstock office (Oakland or Dallas)·      Ability no less than 8 hour work days (across five day work week)
What You Bring With You:
BS or MS in a technical field: computer science, engineering or similar Proficient with at least one object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C , Scala, etc. Working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases  Familiarity with handling large data setsRelevant coursework in database managementStrong communication and interpersonal skills Compensation Range:
The expected base salary for this position ranges from $28 to $32. Actual compensation packages are based on several factors unique to each candidate,  including but not limited to job-related knowledge and skills, experience,  education/training, business needs, market demands, and geographical location. For our internship roles we offer a great benefits package!Competitive hourly payWe are an upbeat and collaborative work cultureFun and exciting startup environmentVirtual company-sponsored outingsRoofstock company swagLaptop provided for duration of internship programLunches provided in office (For non remote interns)Mentorship opportunities with seasoned professionalsRoofstock is an equal opportunity employer. In keeping with the values of Roofstock, we make all employment decisions including hiring, evaluation, termination, promotional and training opportunities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical handicap, mental disability, medical condition, disability, gender or identity or expression, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, marital status, height and/or weight.

