
  SciTec has been awarded multiple government contracts and is growing our creative Team! SciTec, Inc. is a dynamic small business with the mission to deliver advanced sensor data processing technologies and scientific instrumentation capabilities in support of National Security and Defense. We support customers throughout the Department of Defense and U.S. Government in building innovative new tools to deliver unique world-class data exploitation capabilities.SciTec has an immediate opportunity for a talented systems  analyst/engineer to support our programs delivering Next-Generation Missile Warning software. This is a unique opportunity to join a small business delivering core capabilities for National defense. You will work within a fast-paced team delivering end-to-end software processing of Overhead Persistent InfraRed (OPIR) sensor data for Missile Warning, Missile Defense, Battlespace Awareness, and Technical Intelligence. You will lead analysis and studies on complex, mission critical software in various phases of maturity, from prototype to operational systems. You will work with and develop analysis tools in Python, shell scripts, and other languages to support analysis. Our ideal candidate will be able to skillfully analyze and interpret the results of data processing algorithms to find patterns, identify deficiencies, and recommend improvements to influence algorithmic development and system deployment. Industry or research-level academic experience with remote sensing data analysis is required.RequirementsA  Bachelor’s degree in the physical sciences, mathematics, engineering,  or computer science with 5+ years of professional experience in data analysisExperience with large dataset analysis 1+ years experience with at least one of: OPIR data exploitation, target tracking, Kalman filtering, detection of signals in noise Demonstrated ability to work on Linux operating systems Demonstrated fluency with python development Experience using visualization and analysis Python packages Demonstrated ability to perform independent analysis on complex software systems The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD SECRET security clearance or higher Other duties as assigned Detail oriented Good verbal and written      communication skills Preferred Qualifications:A current active DoD SECRET security clearance or higherFluency in C++ Experience with the exploitation and analysis of OPIR data Experience with data fusion, target tracking, Kalman filtering, detection of signals in noise. Experience with formal software program design reviews An advanced degree in the physical sciences, mathematics, engineering, or computer science Experience working in an AGILE development process Experience supporting Missile Warning, Missile Defense, Battlespace Awareness, Technical Intelligence BenefitsSciTec offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package, including: 3% Fully Vested Company 401K      Contribution (no employee contribution required)  100% company paid HSA Medical insurance,      with a choice of 2 buy-up options 80% company paid Dental insurance 100% company paid Vision insurance 100% company paid Life insurance 100% company paid Long-term      Disability insurance Short-term Disability insurance Annual Profit-Sharing Plan Discretionary Performance Bonus Paid Parental Leave Generous Paid Time Off, including      Holiday, Vacation, and Sick Pay Flexible work hours The pay range for this position is $112,000 - $160,000 / year. SciTec considers several factors when extending an offer of employment, including but not limited to the role and associated responsibilities, a candidate's work experience, education/training, and key skills. This is not a guarantee of compensation.  SciTec is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

