
				Job Description
 
Role: Senior Data Scientist
Location: New York, NY
Duration : 5 months
The Senior Data Scientist solves complex problems to support key business priorities, by understanding business the goals, objectives, and KPIs, developing innovative AI/ML models and algorithms, partnering with engineers do deliver end-to-end solutions.
Key Responsibilities And Duties
Minimum 7 years of experience
Preferred: MS or PhD degree in STEM with a focus area in machine learning, statistical modeling or optimization
Physical Requirements: Sedentary Work Preferred Education
Research and develop novel AI/ML models and solutions to support key enterprise goals.
Have a good understand of the business problems, mains objectives, relevant KPIs and success metrics.
Connect with business stakeholder to understand, define and collaborate on end-to-end execution of the initiatives.
Have a great understanding of ML algorithms, deep learning, gradient boosting, tree-based, ensemble, bayesian, clustering; including supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning techniques.
Ensures performance, quality and usage of proper metrics to deliver high quality AI/ML models.
Communicates insights from analyses to management in order to enable data driven decision making to improve business performance and operational outcomes based on machine learning and statistical analysis results.
Researches existing and emerging data science principles, theories and techniques to keep up to date with new development in AI/ML.
Reviews the AI/ML modeling, statistical analysis, and data analysis completed by lower level Data Scientists, providing coaching and feedback as needed.
Qualifications
5 or more years of experience as a data scientist in industry or academia
Understanding of state of the art predictive modeling algorithms and statistical modeling techniques
Knowledge and experience on deep learning and NLP
End-to-end experience of applying novel data science technologies to real world applications from ideation to deployment
A value story teller with strong communication skills to non-tech audience
Experience with cloud-based data and data science platforms such as AWS Sage Maker and GCP
Proficient in Statistical/ML programming languages and tools (Python, R, Karas/TensorFlow and etc.)
Strong business acumen and problem solving skills
7 years of experience as a data scientist in industry or academia
Expert knowledge in deep learning and NLP
Experience and application domain knowledge of financial asset management or customer experience optimization
Experience in an innovation team with proven track record of coming up with new ideas and developing/validating new technology solutions in a methodically into production

                    More Information
                    
                        



Salary Offer

0 ~ $3000



Experience Level

Junior



Total Years Experience

0-5



Dropdown field

Option 1                        
                
            	
