

        Job Title 

        Senior Python/Django Engineer

        Job Description

        Join the Apexive backend team and become a key player in creating top-notch technology for startups!
As a boutique software studio, we encourage a remote-first culture that empowers you to work in a way that best suits you. Led by a software architect who codes, you'll never feel like a cog in the machine. At Apexive, everyone has the chance to make decisions that steer the company as a whole.
As experts in cutting-edge frameworks and platforms, including Flutter/Dart, Google Cloud Platform/AWS/Kubernetes, Python/Django, and Terraform, we believe in using the right tools for a given challenge. You'll have the opportunity to take a leading role in the team and potentially help us grow the team.
You'll be mentored by very experienced architects and have the chance to mentor others.
Your day-to-day responsibilities:
Develop and maintain Backend solutions using Django
Collaborate directly with our clients while helping them build great products
Build docker images that can run on top of AWS or other PaaS
Model databases using MySQL, Postgres, DynamoDB
Participate in Sprint Plannings and daily stand-up meetings
Participate in code review and pair programming as a part of your workflow
Take an active part in our learning and knowledge-sharing culture
What you will get at Apexive:
💰 Competitive compensation
📈 Equity options
💻 Work with the latest tech stack and top startups from various industries
🏖️ Offsite week in Thailand full of adventures - all expenses paid
🧳 Flexible work hours and truly remote work culture
🧗‍♂️ Work From Anywhere
👫 Mentorship program - get a mentor and become one
What happens next? 🔜
You apply through the form on the website https://apexive.com/vacancies/senior-python-django-engineer and send a fragment of your recent code using Django and Django-rest-framework that you are proud of. Please take this step seriously as we base our decision on moving forward with the candidate solely on what you send us, and we do not give a benefit of the doubt at this stage.
If your code meets our expectations, you’ll have a short cultural-fit interview, so we can get to know each other better, understand your motivation for applying, and make sure you know all the important things about us.
You’ll be asked to do a test assignment - most likely as a contribution to an open-source project.
We’ll finish with a technical interview with the main architect & CTO.
Join Apexive today and take your career to the next level!


        Restrictions
        Telecommuting is OK
            

            
            No Agencies Please
            
        Requirements
        To succeed, you'll likely need the following skills:
3+ years of Python/Django experience
Experience with RESTful backend applications, specially built with Django
An inability to write anything but clean, maintainable code.
Strong aversion to hard code
Experience with deployment processes like AWS, Heroku
Being up-to-date with the latest news and technologies about the Backend
High English proficiency as our company language is English
Ability to work independently
Alignment with our values, including getting things done attitude
Nice-to-have skills:
UI/UX feeling
Docker, CircleCI
Terraform, Odoo
Basic knowledge of frontend
Contributions to open-source projects
Contact Info
        Contact: Sofia Khomutova
            

            E-mail contact: sofia@apexive.com

            
            Web: https://apexive.com/vacancies/senior-python-django-engineer
            
        
