About the job
Reddit is a community of communities where people can dive into anything through experiences built around their interests, hobbies, and passions. Our mission is to bring community, belonging, and empowerment to everyone in the world. Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on content, stories, and discussions about the topics they care about the most. From pets to parenting, there’s a community for everybody on Reddit and with over 50 million daily active users, it is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. For more information, visit redditinc.com.

Reddit is continuing to grow our teams with the best talent. We're completely remote friendly and will continue to be after the pandemic.

As a core member of the Channels Relevance team, you’ll work with the billions of events and terabytes of data generated every day to personalize Reddit notifications for each user on the platform, helping them connect with their communities and discover the best of Reddit.

How You'll Have Impact

You will own projects from ideation to production instead of being stuck making small incremental gains on enterprise systems. You’ll work with a super talented, cross-functional team to solve hard problems in order to create experiences that users will love. We are a team of builders that value impact, personal growth, openness and kindness.

What You'll Do

Collaborate on projects with other Channels Relevance engineers where you’ll apply Machine Learning to personalization, discovery and recommendation problems.
Build and deploy sophisticated machine learning models to improve experiences for millions of users.
Participate in the full software development cycle: design, develop, QA, deploy, experiment, analyze and iterate.
Collaborate across disciplines and with other ML teams at Reddit to find technical solutions to complex challenges.

Who You Might Be

2+ years post-graduation hands-on work experience in Machine Learning in a production-based environment (not including internships).
Solid theoretical knowledge of Machine Learning and Statistical concepts, including Deep Learning, as well as performance tradeoffs. Experience with recommender and/or ranking systems is a plus.
Experience with at least 1 of: Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch and Sklearn
Experience working with data-intensive systems and writing production-quality software (preferred Python or golang)
The ability to extract insight from data; proficient with SQL
Passionate about building delightful products for users
Strong communication and team-work skills

Benefits

Comprehensive Health benefits
401k Matching
Workspace benefits for your home office
Personal & Professional development funds
Family Planning Support
Flexible Vacation & Reddit Global Days Off
4+ months paid Parental Leave
Paid Volunteer time off

Pay Transparency

This job posting may span more than one career level.

In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit https://www.redditinc.com/careers/.

To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.

The base pay range for this position is: $157,400 - $236,100.

Reddit is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at ApplicationAssistance@Reddit.com.
