About the job
We are looking for a machine learning engineer to join our team in Frederick, MD. You will be responsible to quickly design and build AI/ML models using data from our HighGear workflow platform. This unique role will allow you to work in a wide variety of data science technologies while blazing new trails in a real-world application.

HighGear is a leader in the rapidly growing no-code workflow sector, which is a key segment of the low-code market that Forrester says is worth $21 billion. Our visual workflow capabilities lead the market without compromising ease of use like many advanced software products do. Our team is filled with highly committed and experienced team players, with very low turnover. We want to learn from you, and we are excited to help you grow!

Our customers love us because we don’t just deliver our product and then forget about them. Instead we truly learn their needs and go above and beyond to make their goals possible. In this role you will directly contribute to making them successful.

Our most important criterion is a strong cultural fit. We have a great culture and are proud to be guided by the faith-based principles of honesty, decency, excellence, and service. We have the innovative culture and customer focus of a startup, but we are a mature company with careful financial management and strong cash reserves. And instead of fighting traffic every day, you can work close to home in a great place to live!

Compensation & Benefits

Salary for this position is $70k to $120k for junior-to-mid-level candidates or $120k to $140k for senior candidates, depending on qualifications and experience
401(k) with 4% match
Heavily subsidized healthcare for you and your family, including dental and vision coverage
Life and AD&D insurance at no cost to you
Health Savings Account with a 2-for-1 contribution match up to IRS limits
24 days of flexible PTO per year

Job Requirements

Junior: 1+ years of professional software engineering experience or internships, including machine learning experience
Mid-Level: 4+ years of professional software engineering experience including 2+ years of machine learning experience
Senior: 8+ years of professional software engineering experience including 3+ years of machine learning experience
Nice to have: Experience with C#, F#, TypeScript, SQL, CSS/SASS
Nice to have: Experience with workflow or business process management
College degree not required, but relevant college experience will be considered
Must be willing to work in the Frederick office full time
Must be a US citizen or permanent resident

Principals only, no calls please. US citizens and permanent residents only, no temporary residents. EOE.

Employment Type: Full Time

Salary: $70,000 - $140,000 Annual

Bonus/Commission: No
