About the job
NextEra Energy Transmission, LLC (NEET) is the leading competitive transmission company in North America. We develop, finance, construct, operate and maintain transmission assets across the continent. We operate through our regional subsidiaries to integrate renewable energy and strengthen the electric grid. Is creating a sustainable future important to you? Join our world-class team today

Position Specific Description

The Data Scientist for the Transmission Fundamentals team will be responsible for identifying and designing new greenfield transmission solutions across the United States and Canada. Successful candidates will have experience or demonstrated interest in developing algorithms, modeling techniques, optimization methods, or visualization techniques in the power industry. The candidate will conduct original data analysis using programmatic tools to identify latent opportunities on the bulk power transmission system.

Job Overview

This position is responsible for developing algorithms, modeling techniques, and optimization methods that support many aspects of NextEra and FPL business. Employees in this role use knowledge of machine learning, optimization, statistics, and applied mathematics along with abilities in software engineering with a focus on distributed computing and data storage infrastructure (e.g. “Big Data”).

Job Duties & Responsibilities
Develops machine learning, optimization and other modeling solutions
Prepares comprehensive documented observations, analyses and interpretations of results including technical reports, summaries, protocols and quantitative analyses
Works with a variety of datasets, including timeseries data and “big data” requiring analysis on distributed computing platforms
Writes software in R, Python or similar languages and contributes code to product development teams
Performs other job-related duties as assigned
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree
Experience: 2+ years
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s Degree
Doctoral Degree
Employee Group: Exempt

Employee Type: Full Time

Job Category: Science, Research, and Technology

Organization: NextEra Transmission, LLC

Relocation Provided: Yes, if applicable

Where permitted by applicable law, NextEra Energy requires all employees and new hires to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination on or before the first day of employment.

NextEra Energy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, national origin, religion, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetics, disability, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.

NextEra Energy provides reasonable accommodation in its application and selection process for qualified individuals, including accommodations related to compliance with conditional job offer requirements, consistent with federal, state, and local laws. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable and permitted by applicable law. To request a reasonable accommodation, please send an e-mail to recruiting-coordinator.sharedmailbox@nexteraenergy.com , providing your name, telephone number and the best time for us to reach you. Alternatively, you may call 1-844-694-4748. Please do not use this line to inquire about your application status.

NextEra Energy will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

NextEra Energy does not accept any unsolicited resumes or referrals from any third-party recruiting firms or agencies. Please see our policy for more information.
