About the job
Job Description

Role Data Scientist Responsibilities 20&plus; years' experience in BI and Analytics with 8&plus; experience in data science

Degree in an analytical field (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science). Any Data Science Certification and Project Management Certification will be an added advantage.

Leverage data and business principles to solve modern devices, real estate modernization and network infrastructure problems.

Ability to translate business requirements into technical project plans.

Manage/develop strategic planning for a variety of key projects.

Onsite customer interaction and co-ordinate with onsite data scientists.

Extensive experience in project management & delivery of Data Science Model for actionable insights.

Industry experience in Data analytics/BI, Data modelling and visualization, Optimization, and statistics.

5&plus; years of Scripting with one of these languages (R, PYTHON).

Ten or more years of overall IT/DBMS/Data Store experience.

Three or more years of experience in, big data and data visualization and handling of 10 Petabyte of data per month

Drive programs/projects from project initiation through delivery.

Responsible for data cleaning and developing various Data science models using R and Python. Provide insights using the various modelling technique like classification, Regression, RNN model, XGBoost, Random Forest, Decision Trees with association rules, Ensemble Learning etc

Experience in implementing A&I solutions using NLP, Luis, Machine Learning and Deep Learning

Responsible for building end to end pipelines for Machine learning and data science model.

Prior experience with Teams, Modern devices, real estate and networking infrastructure services and/or data analytics projects preferred.

Strong experience in visualization and storytelling to present to business

Expert in querying and analyzing big data using Kusto, Scope Scripts

Experience working with unstructured big data (Hadoop and/or Cosmos)

Experts in advanced Excel functions (e.g., creating formulas, pivot tables) and Power BI

Prior knowledge of data modelling and processing techniques for big data systems

Solid understanding of BI and data solutions, including Power-pivots, cubes, and data marts.

Self-motivated, agile and driven to think out-of-the-box

Ability to influence diverse audiences and build strong partnerships with stakeholders

Ability to work independently or to manage a virtual team that will research innovative solutions to challenging business problems.

Ability to collaborate with partners and drive analytic projects end to end,

Superior communication skills, both verbal and written

Attention to detail and data accuracy.

Business reporting

Experience With Writing Requirements As Features Or User Stories

Ability to be a self-motivated team player.

Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

Possession of excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills

Experience with Agile tools Required Skills Digital : Data Science; Digital : Python for Data Science; Digital : Artificial Intelligence(AI) Good To Have Skills RDBMS Concepts; PL/SQL; Digital : Natural Language Processing(NLP); Digital : Chatbots / Conversational Agents Experience Required(in Yrs.) 20 Years Work Location TCS Bellevue, WA

Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company.
