About the job
Volitiion IIT Inc. is an IT Service and Staffing firm based of Leesburg VA. We have hiring Top Talents to add to our growing team of Technology Professionals.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to add to our team.

Job Overview

Scope of job:

Gather relevant data and perform detailed analysis of driver allocation and routing data to develop predictive models for driver assignment, arrival/departure timing, truckload optimization, and route optimization. Work directly with the client to understand desired outcomes and business/technical constraints. Develop analytical models that validate proposed changes to business practices/procedures and participate in the presentation of results to client leadership.

Required

Work with stakeholders to identify key metrics and opportunities for improving business processes, products, and services

Perform data mining, exploration, and analysis

Create data visualizations, reports

Design, train, and implement machine learning algorithms

Leverage predictive models to optimize logistics operations

Bachelor's degree in data science, data analytics, or related field

Proficiency in Python

Knowledge of data science toolkits such as Pandas, NumPy, SKLearn, SQL

Expertise in data mining and machine learning

Working knowledge of building statistical models and business intelligence

Familiarity with cloud-based infrastructure

4 Reasons To Join Volitiion IIT, Inc.
Our Commitment to You - We offer competitive pay, multi-year projects, and a list of exciting clients.
Work-Life Balance - We work hard; we work smart and have quality time for family and "life."
Our Mantra - We treat our consultants the way we want to be treated: with integrity, professionalism, and trust.
Career Development - We help you meet your career goals and continuously support your efforts to build your skillset.
Check out our Referral Program!

Volitiion IIT Inc will pay you up to $1000 for every qualified professional that you refer and we place. If you see a position posted by Volitiion IIT Inc. and know the perfect person for the job, please send us your referral.

Volitiion IIT Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
