About the job
Position Description

This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment with a team of passionate technologists. We take an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies. As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client’s mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform.

Due to the nature of the government contracts this position requires US Citizenship.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities with the ability to support multiple work streams and drive assimilation of new techniques and solutions.
Apply data and technical expertise in analysis, data mining and visualization of data using Business Intelligence tools and data development platforms.
Evaluate data quality using SQL and data analysis techniques that improve client-reporting capabilities.
Follow technology trends in data science and inform clients how this technology will benefit the future development platform.
Participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues.
Understand data needs and construct data pipelines for automating and accelerating data preparation.

Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role

An interim Secret clearance is required to begin working onsite with our client, and a Secret clearance must be maintained throughout the project duration. Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or STEM related discipline.
1+ Years of Experience working on Analytics and Business Intelligence focused initiatives, preferably in a consulting capacity.
1+ Years of Experience using Python, R, or other languages to build statistical models or analyze data.
1+ Years of Experience in creating complex SQL queries and functions, data structures and strong analytical problem-solving skills.
Experience working with various self-service business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Business Objects, etc.
Experience working in an Agile based environment.
Strong technical and troubleshooting techniques.

“CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set level, experience and training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $65,000- 95,000.”

As a Federal Contractor, all members of CGI Federal, regardless of role or work location are required to be fully vaccinated, with the exception of those with approved medical or religious accommodations.

#CGIFederalJob

#Dice

#IAF

Insights you can act on

While technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.

When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees “members” because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.

At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.

Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.
