About the job
Job title: Data Scientist

Department: Emerging Business

Reporting to: Data Science Manager

Location: Hybrid - Boston, MA



How you will make an impact…


We are seeking a highly analytical candidate to join our team as a Data Scientist on the Research and Development (R&D) team. The R&D team conducts early stage research to prioritize new product concepts, manages the short-term product pipeline by taking products and features to at least a proof of concept stage, and identifies and integrates external data to complement and enrich our existing proprietary data.


The Data Scientist will support the R&D team with their strong business acumen and ability to develop data product prototypes. Strong communication and experience collaborating across multiple teams are a must. They should enjoy working with complex problems and use a broad range of analytical techniques to creatively tackle new questions and issues as they arise.


What you will be doing…


Including but not limited to:


Define Customer Needs and Pursue Solutions

Collaborate with Client Analytics & Insights team to understand our clients’ needs
Break down complex problems into discrete issues and determine which ones to prioritize and pursue

Collect, Clean and Set-up Data

Evaluate external data sources for usefulness, reliability and ease of integration
Wrangle structured and unstructured data from diverse sources into a standardized form
Play with the data until it breaks and surface issues before it gets to the client or client teams

Analyze and Visualize Data

Design and conduct comparative analyses of large complex datasets to determine next steps
Summarize analysis using a wide range of data visualization techniques to determine the types of insights derived from the product and data limitations
Prototype new ways of visualizing and interacting with our data

Develop and deploy machine learning and statistical models

Use understanding of the underlying data and business objectives to optimize feature engineering for input data
Design and train models (current priority applications are in pattern similarity detection, but there are a wide range of potential product use cases)
Work with engineering team to deploy machine learning algorithms into production environment

Communicate Insights

Draw relevant conclusions from analysis and make recommendations based on how these conclusions impact new and existing products
Document data definitions to be embedded in new products and business rules for analysis of these new data
Work with internal teams (product development, client services, data operations) to translate analytical findings and model prototypes into product requirements and insights for clients

Desired Skills & Abilities

Experience with large scale geospatial data
Experience with AWS suite of tools for data analysis, data management and ETL processes: EMR, s3, aws cli
Proficiency with Hive and SQL a significant plus
Telecoms industry expertise a plus
Some experience with data visualization tools desirable (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, Spotfire)

Required Skills & Abilities

At least 3 years of relevant work experience
Applied experience with Machine learning algorithms (classification, clustering, optimization) beyond just tinkering, or classroom
Real world experience with Spark (SQL + MLlib): querying, manipulating and analyzing large (100+ TB) data sets, plus using ML models (Scala preferred, but Python/R/Java still useful)
Strong toolkit of quantitative and qualitative analytical techniques rooted in business, economic and statistical analysis
Examples of business analysis include: market competitiveness, financial analysis, social media monitoring
Examples of statistical analysis include: linear regression, logistic regression, non-parametric statistics, probabilistic modeling, spatial modeling
Passionate about telling stories using data
Desire to get hands dirty working with data every day, balanced with ability to surface insights that shape new products
Proficient with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint, or able to generate compatible outputs using other tools, e.g. csv files
Some experience with statistical packages (e.g. R, Python stats libraries, SPSS, SAS, STATA)

At this time, we will not sponsor a new applicant for employment sponsorship for this position.

Please submit a cover letter along with your resume to joinus@comlinkdata.com.

Explain why you are interested in working for our company and the specific role.
Describe one relevant project where you used data to create actionable business insights or a data-driven product.


At this time, the company will not sponsor a new applicant for employment sponsorship for this position.


This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.


About US

Opensignal is the leading global provider of independent insight and data into network experience and market performance. Our user-centric approach allows communication providers to constantly improve their network and maximise commercial performance. Leading analysts, investors and financial institutions place a high value on our independent analysis and we are regular contributors to their reports.


Real network experience is our focus and ultimately that’s what influences customer choice. Our mission is to advance connectivity for all and here at Opensignal, the team is leading the industry in enabling operators to link their network experience and market performance in a way that has never before been possible.


With offices in London, Boston and Victoria, British Columbia, we are truly global, with employees working across four continents and representing over 25 nationalities. We are an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce.


Benefits:


We believe we are stronger when we not only celebrate our many differences, values, and voices but include them in everyday practice. Having a diverse and inclusive culture is essential, which is why we offer a flexible approach to work-life balance, operating in a remote-hybrid way. We’ll help you get set up with the essentials you need to work from home or the office. We also offer an attractive range of additional benefits, including:


Competitive compensation packages including a long-term equity program
Comprehensive group benefits package and company sponsored retirement savings plan (details depend on your country of work)
Professional development opportunities: education reimbursement, learning allowance, company-sponsored workshops, and more!
Generous holiday allowance, sick leave, parental leave, flexibility including Flex Fridays, and the opportunity to work from abroad
Charity matching and time off for community volunteering and DE&I program/committees
Regular virtual and in-person events and socials
