About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn moreAbout Us

Synergistic IT is a full-service staffing and placement firm servicing client in America for the past 12+ years. We are dedicated towards fulfilling the IT needs of our clients. From staffing to full implementation of projects we provide the highest quality IT Services. We Intend to deliver exceptional student outcome. We don't just help you secure a tech job but build a solid career in technology.

Job Description

Good understanding of the below models

Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes

Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data

Analyze large amounts of information to Client trends and patterns

Classifier, Random Forest Classifier, Nave Bayes, Support Vector Machine

Machine Learning Algorithms - Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Tree

Unsupervised/Clustering algorithms

NLP models, Deep Learning models for image classification

Desired Candidate Profile

Skills Required

Hands on experience Python scripting

Hands on experience in building Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence models

Good knowledge on Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)

Hands on experience on platforms - Microsoft Azure/Amazon Web Services

Libraries – Numpy, Pands, Scikit learn, Seaborn, Plotly, TensorFLow, Should be able to do data visualisation using Tableau or Excel.

Excellent English communication (both oral and written) and reading comprehension

skills.

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with clear attention to detail.

Education Requirement: -

Bachelors, Masters in Computer Science/ Computer Engineering/ Information Systems/Information Technology/ Electrical Engineering/ Mechanical Engineering.

Benefits

On Job Technical support

E- verified

Help to get H1B Employer.

Full time position

Candidate who are missing the required skills, might be provided an option to enhance their skills, so that they can also apply for the role and can make a career in IT industry.

If you do respond via e-mail, please include a daytime phone number so that we can reach you. In considering candidates, time is of the essence, so please respond ASAP. Thank you
